SECTION: ALBUMS

---

WORK: Tha Block is Hot

***

TRACK: Intro (Tha Block Is Hot)

[Mannie Fresh]
Ahh Hot-Hot
Yo! Wassup?!
[Baby]What it be like fresh?
[Mannie Fresh]Whats Hannin?
[Baby]It's all gravy baby
[Mannie]It's Gorgeous
[Baby]And Tha Block Is Hot, Whats up nigga?
[Mannie]Aww man it's magnififent...Magnififent
[Baby]Look nigga my block so hot when my hoes walk them diamonds poppin' out they toenail woadie
[Mannie Fresh] Bling Bling, Bling BLING!
[Baby](But its all gravy)
[Mannie Fresh]Ya Heard me?
[Baby]Tha Block is full of lava nigga (Ha), got them Popo's pulling up actin' crazy nigga whats happenin?
[Mannie Fresh]Tha Block Is Hot, like a barbeque at Satan's crib
(Off top, I'm loving that!)
Tha Block is hot, like the Delgado Clinic ya heard me
[Baby]This lil nigga wayne is so motherfuckin' on fire (Wayne is gorge-rific!) A hose pipe couldn't put this nigga out
[Mannie] Man Baby have a heart, Have a heart
[Baby]This lil nigga here is greasy, (Have a heart), He cheesy (Have-A-Heart) This lil 4foot millionaire is on fire woadie
[Mannie]Aww man that's wonderful
[Baby]And he know he representin' with the motherfuckin' Big Tymers, B.Geezy, Turk, Juvey; come to lay it down nigga you still laying down hot ass tracks I gotta give you the motherfuckin' "Hot Beat Of The Year Award"
[Mannie]CHING!-POW-WHOA-ZIP-CUH-SHAZAM (Ya Heard me)
[Baby]I love that I love that, I can love that truly beautiful boy!
Now check it out, and it's all gravy (bring it on, bring it on)
This lil nigga here is hotter than a motherfuckin' torch at the Mardi Gras season (Ha!)

[Mannie Fresh]Weezy, lay it out like a carpet, Lay it out (Do watcha do boy) lay it out, lay it out,(Do watcha do boy) lay it out

[Baby]I'm lovin' that...fresh you laid that motherfucker
[Mannie Fresh]Fuck 2000! We going all the way to 3000!
[Baby]How you luving that Playboy (Whoadie!)
Whooooadieee!

***

TRACK: Tha Block is Hot

[Intro: Lil' Wayne]
Wha wha, wha wha, wha wha, wha wha, what

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Straight off the Black Gold, nuts in my hand, trustin no man
Got my Glock cocked, runnin this thing, ya understand
We be steamin', blazin', nines, pumps and K's and
Hollygrove 17th the hood where I was raised in (what, what, what)
Niggas bustin heads and, runnin duckin Feds and (what)
Rocks under they tongues and, ki's under they beds and
Hood fulla real niggas, twenty-four seven hustlers
(Ughhh) Until we shove a barrel down ya pipe suckers
Ain't no love for no busta, no fear for no coward
No respect for no slut, and no money without power
We keepin niggas hotter, ughhh, nasty and sour
Pile up in the Eddie Bauer and "blocka" at every hour
Some niggas like that powder, foldin up what they drain
Some like that weed or that dope and some shoot it up in they veins (oh)
From the home of that 'caine, jackin and crackin brains
Broadcastin live from Tha Block, it's Lil' Wayne (who it is?)

[Hook: Juvenile, (B.G.) & Lil' Wayne]
Nigga you got that yayo? (Well cook something nigga)
Nigga you let them K's go? (Well bust somethin nigga)
Are you duckin that law? (You better run from em nigga)
Are you playin with that raw? (Well won't you front somethin nigga)
Tha Block is hot, Tha Block is hot, ha, ha-ha
Tha Block is hot, Tha Block is hot, ha, ha-ha
Tha Block is hot, Tha Block is hot, ha, ha-ha
Tha Block is hot, Tha Block is hot, ha

[Verse 2: Lil' Wayne]
See where I'm from we keep our guns out
Dodgin cops and burnin blocks so we be thugged out
It's time to floss, bring the big bodies on dubs out
And they got quarters, halfs and birds in that one house (I got it, I got it)
It's all good in the hood hustlin' like it's legal
Soon as you get it, hot (skrrt!) there go them people
Break up the block and hit the cut by the corner sto'
End up in Ms. Taylor backyard, be quiet, she on the porch
This everyday, at the spot where niggas murder off top, boy
It's the spot where they got fire girls and Hot, Boys
We don't know what be goin cause we so blunted from trees
And we'll be round ya all day til we "400 Degreez"
And you see when it get dark, nobody be on the porch
They got a nigga got on a scarf, he flippin out off that raw
Betta stay in yo' car, and make sure (*beep beep*) your door is locked
Cause this ain't nuttin proper, cause Tha Block issss hot

[Hook: Juvenile, (B.G.) & Lil' Wayne]
Nigga you got that yayo? (Well cook something nigga)
Nigga you let them K's go? (Well bust somethin nigga)
Are you duckin that law? (You better run from em nigga)
Are you playin with that raw? (Well won't you front somethin nigga)
Tha Block is hot, Tha Block is hot, ha, ha-ha
Tha Block is hot, Tha Block is hot, ha, ha-ha
Tha Block is hot, Tha Block is hot, ha, ha-ha
Tha Block is hot, Tha Block is hot, ha

[Verse 3: Lil' Wayne]
See watch your step on my set, gotta walk like, talk like
We done shot out all the street lights, so you can't see who we be like
And we like, to dress in all black up in my residence
Ain't got on no suits, cause we ain't tryin to be presidents
And ever since the coke drought, niggas been on a trip y'all
So you better watch what y'all playin with cause a nigga will try to flip y'all
They hit y'all, jam you up and put a gun to your jug
Hahhhh, catch your breath, now shhhhh, catch a slug
It's street smarts, plenty niggas that keep spots
When the heat starts, ain't nobody got sweethearts
Callin weak shots, you could come try to cheap talk
We cut your week short, them lil' boys don't give a damn
Go all out for that cake, won't hesitate to kill a man
Run in his house and kidnap the nigga, him and his fam
Tie em up, put em in the vans then put a gat in his jaws
One move blow his cactuses off

[Hook: Juvenile, (B.G.) & Lil' Wayne]
Nigga you got that yayo? (Well cook something nigga)
Nigga you let them K's go? (Well bust somethin nigga)
Are you duckin that law? (You better run from em nigga)
Are you playin with that raw? (Well won't you front somethin nigga)
Tha Block is hot, Tha Block is hot, ha, ha-ha
Tha Block is hot, Tha Block is hot, ha, ha-ha
Tha Block is hot, Tha Block is hot, ha, ha-ha
Tha Block is hot, Tha Block is hot, ha

[Outro: Lil' Wayne]
WHOOT! Some people call me cause Tha Block is hot
Shk-a-BLAOW! Bust ya guns cause Tha Block is hot
Nigga ch-shhhhh, cook it up, cause Tha Block is hot
Say look daddy, just hook it up, cause Tha Block is hot
Nigga WHOOT! Some people call me cause Tha Block is hot
Shk-a-BLAOW! Bust ya guns cause Tha Block is hot
Nigga ch-shhhhh, cook it up, cause Tha Block is hot
Say look daddy, just hook it up, cause Tha Block is hot
Nigga my block hot, nigga my block burn
My block on fire, nigga what about yours?
Nigga my block hot, nigga my block burn
My block on fire, nigga what about yours?
Tha Block is hot, ha ha ha ha

***

TRACK: Loud Pipes

[Mannie Fresh]
I put piss stains on private planes, cause it's my jet nigga
Money ain't shit cause my Rottweilers drink Moët
Diamond baguette bracelets for my lovers
Player, I use Cristal to lubricate rubbers
Who got shit on his wrist that cost three nickel
Who got the project on lock when that nigga slanging pickle
Who got a Benz, a Prowler, playboy, and a 'Vette
Tell the truth -- who fucked you on the same night when we met?
Now, who got baby mamas from the N.O. to New York
Who got every bitch's attention in this motherfucker when he talk
Now who the fuck we talking about, look -- y'all dont know?
I'll give you a hint: see that bitch you with?
He fucked that ho
Now look here, y'all ain't seen my watch, it's like 'Harlem World' video
White diamonds, red rubies, blue baugettes, I don't know
Shorty, when the next time I'mma be up in your bed
I love you? You love me?
Well go 'head on and gimme some head

[Juvenile - Hook 2x]
Loud pipes big rims
Wodie that's our life
When we pull up at the club
Sorry that's our night
I know a lot of haters out there saying
That that's not right
But our diamonds are much bigger
So that's our life

[Baby/Birdman]
I told 'Soul' I need something
With some hell of a ice
Nigga came back with a hell of a price
That ain't nothing, these hoes doing hella wrong
Calling these niggas on our cell phone
Bitch riding Benz on 20-inch chrome
Give me the key, the car, ho, and the alarm
For my Prowler, my Jag, my Benz and my home
Bitch you'll never ride 20-inch chrome
I love to shine, that's why the chopper's mine
Hit my block in my Benz, ho, with stretch tires
Bought a new car that I couldn't drive
Bought it to tunes before a nigga could drive
When I put the Bose system right behind my eyes
With the VC's and TV's so a nigga could shine
Let my ice bling bling like a 9 to 5
And tell all my hoes they don't need no job

[Juvenile - Hook 2x]

[B.G.]
I ride the best, from a Benz, to a Jag, to a Beamer, to a Lex
Might fly first class on Delta, helicopter or a jet
I'm a stunter, I'm a repper, Geezy like to shine
Drink Don, Moët, and Crissy, see that's the finest wine
20 inches is the only thing I sit my shit on
Don't bring yo bitch around me cause my dick she'll wanna sit on
And I ain't gonna tell her nothing different, that's your issue
But after she come back, your best out is not to kiss her
Whole city sayin damn, look at Fresh pinky ring
Look at B.G. watch, that bitch bling-a-ling-a-ling
I'm a ice wearer, trust me, you will never
See me sporting nothing that ain't 20 G's or better
Me and Wayne take the left, Juve and Baby take the right
It's dark in the room, we hold up our watches and it's light
Cash Money Millionaires living a hell of a life
Like my nigga Weezy said, we surrounded by ice

[Juvenile - Hook 2x]

[Lil Wayne]
Whoa, whoa, whoa
Now I'm shinin' beamin' glossin', Big Tymin' stuntin' and flossin'
Lamborghini sitting on broaders with two more in my garages
Plus a blue and black ferrari with Nintendo and Atari
Man I swear the car is awesome, vroom! Sorry, we lost 'em
I'm back, I pull up smelling like dime sacks and cognac
I leave in the Hummer, hour later I'm flying back
Whoosh, private jet's about to land
The women fall out when I let them touch my hand
I get out the plane into a Mercedes Benz van
TVs all over with chrome 20-inch fans, damn
Goddamn, man, I am, L-I-L, Weezy, off the heezy
But still in awe, ice floodin' on my watch
And in my grill and all, Porsche Box', front blocks
Skrrt! Peeling off, me and Slim in the Rover
Beatrice brick holder, Cash Money young soldier

[Juvenile - Hook & Talking Until Fade]

***

TRACK: Watcha Wanna Do

[Intro]
What
What?
Nigga, huh?
Huh?
Nigga, what?
What?!
What?
Check!

[Verse 1]
I'm shootin', flee
Pollutin' you and your niggas, betta run from me
Comin' through and I'm strapped... with a 223
You be losin' your life when you caught up... in beef
What? Nigga nigga, shiiiit!
Now, I'm ridin', ride
With a K on my side
50 shots flyin', fly
Nigga, you want beef with I?
I hope you lyin', but why?
In the middle of tha night, I be fatigued, camouflagin' by
Byy-bahda-by-by-by
Huh? Nigga, what? Takin' me for a joke, and watch me hurt cha
Boys there, they be commercial... I beat 'em 'til they purple
I'm a lil' bitty nigga, but I got a big ole chop, 2's that'll kill 50 niggas
Didja do it? Thought it was cool?
But cha still in it, nigga
Your so ugly with your boys, but I'm still pretty, nigga
Lil' Wayne representin'
I cut like blades, I bust heads, and break legs
I tear up dreads, take out braids, now go figure
What? I'm from tha 17th, I back down from no nigga
Had me four deep in four cars on your block with four triggas
Man... ya'll niggas ain't up for this!!
Ya'll hatin' on me, you can suck my dick!
Didn't I tell ya ta chill?
Guerrilla, you can play if you want
Find yourself in tha back-a my trunk
Ho, feminine punk!

[Hook)]
Now, nigga, what?! Huh?! (What?!)
Nigga, watcha wanna do?!
Nigga, huh?! What?! What?!
Watcha wanna do?!
Nigga, I say what?! Huh?! Huh?!
Watcha wanna do?!
Nigga, huh?! What?! What?!
Watcha wanna do?!

[Verse 2]
Now I be Wayne, Wayne, Wayne... from CMB
50 shots, flame flame flame... from artillery
Bullets, they stain stain stain... burn like rubber on tha streets
(Screech!) If you can't hang, find your way from 'round me
Lil' soldier in all black off-a A.N.E
Apple N' Eagle, my nigga, so ain't no play in me
Yeah, I may be... a lil' small and all that
But I'm 'bout war, totin' a gat, flippin' a car and all that
Now freeze! Me and my g's hitch your hood like fleas
Soldier rag, black 'Bauds, white T's, and Ree's
Please, tell me that you was fulla weed
When you said you want beef
Cause I don't think nonna ya'll famileez wan' see ya'll bleed
I know what tha hell it be
Ya'll niggas don't listen up when we speak
I be ten-deep
Lettin' 223's chop trees
Rabbit told me not to be weak, and let a nigga play me
So he... who take tha biggest bite, lose all-a his teeth
Hook up wit Juve, Turk, and B.G
Open niggas like ki's
G... I bet some g's, boy, can't wet a HB
Or Steve's... CMB's make the scene off the heez
All ya'll beef-b's be deceased when we ride...with g's!

[Hook]
Nigga, what! Huh! What!
Watcha wanna do?!
Nigga, what, nigga, what?! Nigga, huh?!
Watcha wanna do?!
I say what! Huh! What!
Watcha wanna do?!
Nigga, what! Huh?!
Nigga, watcha wanna do?!

[Verse 3]
Look, dog... you can be stupid if ya want, watch, it be war
Or all you drive tha car, I hit tha block and.. cut 'em off
Whole nation gon' fall... when Wayne spins tha cut
Guns up, nigga, what!... I clutch and bust
Niggas duck and hide... when.. I.. ride
I load tha forty-five, and explode on your side
My niggas, Mike and Mario, they got them 2's for me
And I spin a nigga ben until he use ta me
I'm on a 3000-dollar duck.. on your block, just waitin'
Nonna dem niggas could take me, I was too in-tox-i-cat-ed
But, nigga, if you want war with me, busta be 'bout your issue
Hit your set with.. my nigga with them things ta split cha
Picture a lil' nigga dressed in black... with a big ole gun
In front your house, shootin', (baahhh!!!).. hollerin' out, "Nigga
What?!"

[Hook & Outro]
Nigga, what! Huh! What?!
Watcha wanna do?!
Nigga, what! Huh! What?!
Watcha wanna do?!
Nigga, I say huh?! What?!
Nigga, watcha wanna do?!
Have me in all black, bustin' back at your crew!
Now I say, what! Huh! What?!
Watcha wanna do?!
I say, huh?! What?!
Nigga, watcha wanna do?!
Nigga, what?! Huh?!
Nigga, watcha wanna do?!
Have me in all black, bustin' at your crew!
What! What! What!
Huh?! Huh?!
Nigga nigga nigga, what ch'all want?
Nigga, what ch'all niggas wan' do?
Nigga, what?!... Huh?!... Huh?!

***

TRACK: Kisha

[Lil' Wayne]
Got a early call from Kisha, Kisha wanted me to meet her
She said she thought it was time to make the relationship get deeper
Said cool then I'm gon' beep ya
What would be a good time to reach ya
She said what about ten but l thought eleven would be sweeter
Cuz she wanted me to see her, said I needed a teaser
But shit who got the keys to my Beamer
I rolled me up a blunt and got the Cristal out the freezer
I hopped in the two seater, left Nae-Nae with Macita
Vroooom speed up run faster than a cheetah
Only thing on my mind is how l'm gone get all in this cheap slut
Should I use a rubber cause I heard she was a freak but
They say she keep it cleaned up, but I don't want HIV bruh
I drop my top on da drop-top (I'm bout ready to meet her), her name's on my beeper
I called her on the Nokia
And told her come pick me up
As soon as I got in the house she got on her knees and grabbed my penis
Ate
It up like some peanuts
I said "oooohhhh Kisha"
Chopped off like a millimeter
She drunk it like a 2 liter
She blow like a pro, oh no I got to keep her
Told her l'd be back about eleven I'm gone creep her
But don't go you to sleep, I got some more meat to feed ya

[Turk]
Now I'm hot, I wonder what's up with Kisha tonight
I'm gone give her a call, see if it's alright
For me to dip through, she said it's all gravy
First I got to get somebody to watch my baby
(Baby) it's all good, I'll be there in a minute
But she didn't know I knew Wayne was already hittin' it
Soon as I pull up I see my dog runnin out
He saw me peepin at him, but he didn't open his mouth
Soon as he pulled off
I knocked on the door
Sayin to myself look at this dog ass ho
Its cool what you do
You know I like my shit sucked
For you to swallow the cum and put ice on my nuts
Caught my nut, now I'm up
I'm gone holla at ya Kittie
I got studio tonight, me and da H B'eezeys
I can't be late, I'm gon' see ya when I could
Hit Juve on the hip, let him know it was all good

[Juvenile]
Ooohh Oooh there she go, on the way to the corner store
Lil Turk let me know, we done fucked the same bitch before
Say lil mama where you headed, she told me forget it
Hop in the back seat of my car and she spread it
Say baby slow down I don't wanna fuck ya first
I want you to suck on my dick until my nuts will burst
She was a fool with it
She said she had a good teacher she went to school with it
Cuz she knew what to do with it
I didn't want the bitch to have my car all smellin
So I took her in the alley with some K Y Jelly
Pull your shorts and your draws down to your knees
Put the rubber on the dick handle that please
I hit it she sucked it
Hit it she sucked it and sucked it
I got tired of the pussy and mouth and I said fuck it
Hey ho, I gotta ride
My baby moma beepin me and she stay way on the other side
I hit B.Geezy on the celly
And told him that the bitch was all good up in the alley
Not the telly

[B.G.]
This ho don't know I know she fucked three of my dogs
I caught her walkin out the alley down by the mall
She fucked Wayne, Juve, Turk, I know she ain't got no walls
But they told me she'd do a damn job on the balls
She provided the number later on gave her a call
Told her what I was thinkin and she was down with it all
Can't deny it she was a fool kept that dick standin tall
What she'll do a nigga, should be against the law
That's how Hot Boys play it when we finish we toss
Baby when you finish Manny Fresh down the hall
After this episode that ho won't be able to walk
After two or three steps that ho might just fall
Now you know then Hot Boys sad ha
Get in the bitch head, end up doing somethin bad ha
Kisha got did right yeah
Fucked the whole Cash Money click all in one night yeah

***

TRACK: High Beamin'

[Verse 1: B.G.]
Niggas be hatin
Cause BG got it
Every top of the line car they got
Look I ride it
From the Hummer to the Rover
To the drop jag
B and C lex truck
Nothin' my click ain't had
Everybody head was fucked
When they heard bout the deal
Cash Money hotboys signed for 30-mill
Already was straight now we livin larger
Already was ballin, but now we ballin harder
Picture: bitches can't take me
Cause my wrist stay flossed out
Niggas hate me cause all day I'm flossed out
Ghetto made me
My dog, Baby, saved me
Niggas find out they ho got fucked, they Implicate me
That's how it go
It ain't my fault I got mega cheese
Walk that walk
Talk that talk I'm BG
Paperchaser to the fullest get my grind on
Gotta do it cause I made that song Get Yo' Shine On

(Chorus)3x
Me and my click be sizzlin hot steamin
Bouncin' through diamonds high beamin'

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Wha
I'mma flosser baby, baller baby
A fifteen year old shot caller baby
And I'm racin' through
In the all black chromed out
Mercedes Coupe
Got yo' wife at my house
And she naked too
And all my niggas all around her
Sayin 'Shake it Boo, go ahead do what you do'
It's Weezy darlin' and off the heezy darlin'
And I'm surrounded by the ice
It got me freezin' darlin'
And it's plain and simple
Won't change cause it's natural
Lil' Wayne a pimp y'all
Got the game from Beatris
I'm tryin' to see six numbers
Pull up at the Grammy awards in six Hummers
Leave the Grammy awards with six womens
And make her stop at the gas station for six rubbers
Put it together
This is the life when you get full of the cheddar
Don't try to end it or you wouldn't get better, what

(Chorus)4x

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
La, la, la, la
Here I come star rapper
I get the fast money
Short, cute hot boy that rapper Cash Money
Standin out the roof of my car
And flash hundreds
Take your girl to the mall
Spend a G like that's nothin'
She lay on the floor
Open up the spot
Take off her drawers, and "let me see the cock"
"Don't stop" Lil Weezy, Weezy ain't nothin' nice
Baguettes in my Jesus Christ, nothin' but ice
When they see me at night
Behind tints I stay high
Snatch yo' wife
Run up in her with the K-Y
But it's on man
Ever since I was born Wayne
Nigga get out of line
I get dirty like John Wayne
I'm bout stuntin', flossin'
Whatever come wit it
And I don't shoot guns
Unless they have a drum wit it
At first they wasn't wit it
Thought that I was jokin
Now I got 'em all payin attention like they owe it (Whaa?)

(Chorus)

*B.G. Talking till fade*

***

TRACK: Lights Off

[Intro]
Cut the lights off nigga (Cut 'em off)
You know what time it is (What)
You know what time it is (What)
Strap -Up (Gun Cocks)

[Verse 1]
Alot of niggas better move out
Cause here I come with my click
With the tools out
All of a sudden all these cowards
Startin to spook out
It's warfare a buncha of niggas
Bout to lose out
It's time to load up them thangs
Hit the spot run in his house
And make 'em show up then thangs
Take 'em in the room go in his pockets
And then blow up his brains
No matter the weather
Rain, snow, sleet, or hail
I'mma slangin' that metal
So tell 'em niggas in yo' hood
To get it together
Cause I'm with tola, mario
And we down for whatever
Never underestimate or you goin under, see
Y'all can keep playin with Lil Wayne
But that lil' boy trouble
And plus dis shorty be full, wodie
Be scorin bundles, then start wildin'
Hit the block and let his toys rumble
And it go ratter-tatter
Ya be suprised how niggas scatter
When the M-1 shatter
And everybody on the block
They get bout' ten in they bladder

(Chorus)2x
Tell 'em lights off
Mask on
Creep silent
Your lifes gone
We done left the block quiet

[Verse 2]
Look, look
When it's time to ride
It ain't no time to play
It could be time to die
At any time of the day
And i'll be godammit
If I let a nigga steel me
It will not happen
Ima fire about a hundred and fifty shots at 'em
And got my Glocks rammin'
Leave a nigga spot damaged
That's how the beat made us
I chief three blunts
So I can get a head rush
Then come around the corner
And your whole day crush
I'm sick and tired
Niggas choose to test the water
They get hit and die
Some of 'em scared of man slaughter
So they stay inside
And watch they partners get lit up
And then they ask why?
That's cause you played wit' me
They could'nt of known im'a guerilla
Drama stayed with me
Ran in his home went to kill him
Took his head with me
You better get it right or keep it right
Or lose your whole town
Tell em' lights off
It's about to go down

(Chorus)2x

[Verse 3]
Massacre all these streets; block it off
Lil Wayne is in yo hood
With something like a rocket dog
And I'm after ya
I don't pass beef
I stop at all
That boy got a head on his shoulders
I knock it off
I'm highly intoxicated mixing krystelle and vodka
Somebody call the doctor
Cause my chopper done went blocka, knocka
Nigga out the way man
I'm sorry but us guerillas we can't stay tamed, say it man
Are you ready, ready
Ready for warfare Wayne, Turk, Juve, and BGeezy they all there
We all flare, don't care, dog they all tear
Give the guns to the one with the long hair
Dem block burner
It gets quiet they see the rims twenty four seventy
(Breathes)they breathe heavlily
Bullets they come steadily
You better stay off the block
Cause you might fall
You better stay off the block
Cause the lights off

(Chorus)4x

(Lil' Wayne)
Lights off
Tell em' lights off
La, la, la lights off
Nigga lights off
We done left the block quiet

***

TRACK: Fuck tha World

[Intro]
Look, look, look

[Verse 1]
A young nigga screamin fuck the world and let 'em die
Behind tints, tryna' duck the world and smokin rie
Got my bandanna 'round my head and pants to my feet
And got my eyes fire red and Glock on my seat
I'm tryna' stay under intoxication
Cause I lost my father, and got a daughter, plus I'm on probation
I'm drinkin liquor like it's water, gettin pissy drunk
And stayin away from them lil' broads that tryin to give me some
I keep a chopper in the trunk and my heat on my waistline
Duckin the law, cause I ain't tryna' do no Fed time
Sometimes I just wish I could be away
But I gotta take care of Janae and keep Macita straight
So I just maintain the struggle and I keep tryin
But how can I when my closest people keep dyin'
I ain't lyin that the law tryna' bust my clique
But I scream fuck the world man, I'm too young for this

(Hook) 2x
Look, I don't curse, but in this verse man fuck the world
I lost my father to a gun and made a little girl
And I'm still thuggin' wit' my niggas tryna' keep it real
And I'm still doin for my mother and I'm payin' bills

[Verse 2]
Give me a cigarette, my nerves bad
The Feds said they heard that I know where them birds at
And my old lady say she saw me with anotha brizzah
And some a the boys shot up my block so now I gotta kill 'em
And teachers keep tellin' my momma that I'm gettin' worse
And now she trippin talkin 'bout I need to be in church
And my lil' girl whole family tryna lie in court
Tryna' put me, a child, on child support
And whole family deny me of what I do cause I'm a 'thug and stuff'
Plus, my niggas keep fallin to them drugs and stuff
That dope got these niggas meltin' away
Man they got clowns right around me, killin' they self everyday
We keep fightin' but they so strong
I know it's hard but don't give up baby hold on
Just keep ya fate, count blessings, and wodie keep ya trust
And grab ya nuts and let 'em know that we don't give a fuck
We don't give a fuck

(Hook)

[Verse 3]
I mean the world just ain't gon' never change
So I just keep my head up and my nuts, let 'em hang
Dawg I swear it's very rough out here for the youngstas
Like everybody against me cause I'm a young thug
Dear Rabbit, why they have to kill Rabbit?
But I'mma keep you alive, nigga, I'm Lil Rabbit
That's why this lil' nigga be buggin like it's no tomorrow
I only can depend on macita and C-M-R
I try my best to make it through the night and live today
But I'm upset so I'm steady wipin' tears away
And police got me under surveillance when and wherever
Wrecking they brains, tryna' figure where I'm gettin that cheddar
I tell my family just leave me a-damn-lone
I can handle all'a my business, this lil' man grown
But I try to forget about it and just stand strong
But if everythang was cool I wouldn't write this damn song
Fuck the world

(Hook) 3x

***

TRACK: Remember Me

[Intro: Lil Wayne & B.G.]
Say Weezy (Whats Hannin?)
Can they remember me?
Lil Weezy

[B.G.]
Make 'em remember (Haaa!) ya, nigga
Let these niggas know your (Look!) background, nigga (Look!)
Let 'em (Look!) know your (Look!) background!
Let 'em know how you've been thuggin

[Verse 1]
All I was taught was murder murder
Kill drama, and nothin' less
I strap tha Smith-Wess, and bust.. it in they chest
I had ta hustle hustle hustle hustle
Grind and struggle for success
Hid grams in girls' breasts, stick bricks.. under they dress
Them niggas there with big Willy
Me, I'm full of that dilly
Hope when I catch them slippin'
Him and they daddy's trippin'
Shorty can hold it down
Shorty be totin' rounds
Smellin' like a pound on school grounds
Shorty, wow
Hair... all over my head
Bandana 'round my braids
Eyes bloodshot red
Briches down to my legs, guns up in my trench
When niggas play, they get drenched
My pockets is full of lint
So, nigga, stay off the bend, I'm young with bad nerves
Since I lost my father, I've been troubled hurt and disturbed
So Ion even hesitate to leave 'em on tha curb
And wet them niggas shirt, nigga, get 'em for them birds
Tell them niggas, Geezy!

(Hook[B.G.])
Remember he? Tha little G, never die
Took one to tha chest, but Weeze Wee never die
Remember he? Tha little G, never die
Have B.Geezy on his side, so Weezy Wee never die
Lil' Weezy Wee... had ta steal, hustle, and jack
Weezy Wee roll with K's, Glocks, and MAC's
Tha little G, he was raised keepin' it real
That's my lil' nigga, I taught him to get it how he live, nigga

[Verse 2]
Look, look
At times I forgot tha bills
Ain't been home in two weeks
Macita lookin' for me
Tha word all over tha streets
Well, shiiit! I love my momma
But all I got ta offer is drama, and many problems
I lay back in tha cut
These niggas out and I rob 'em, they ain't spin around here
We all alone on my block like nobody live 'round here
The lights got cut off at my house, and now I'm lookin' for a win-dow
I can't see it, I don' dropped my pile on tha floor
They got some niggas stuntin' in Benz, hey man, them boys ain't riders
*gun cocks* Hand it over, partna, my feet done got tired (Break it off)
Well, picture this, I gotta call from this ole' nigga Beatrice
He said he got that work, and needed me to make it happen (Make it happen)
Well Nigga, shit you hold it down when something shakin, daddy (What?)
Within a week he changed his mind, and... received tha package (What?)
Oh well... back to tha drawin' board (Board)
Cowards start hollerin' cause (Weezy) they know I'm comin' for it

(Hook)

[Verse 3]
Lemme tell 'em
You remember that there nigga use to be thuggin' it out (Out!)
Blunt in his mouth, would stayed masked up in the drought
Run in your house, "Lay down! Nobody move! (Move!)
Tell that slut go get your stash, and empty your pockets, fool!"
That's how it was... crime, struggle, drivin' for scrubs
Lots of thugs... make niggas count the ants in the mud
Some niggas choose ta come back for me, ride around my set for me
Might start jackin' because I got that SKS with me
!Okay! (!okay!)
Listen, all you ballin' niggas betta !relocate! (!'locate!)
Cause, see, ya'll got it
I gotta make my cheese !rotate! (!rotate!)
And Right now I'm doin' bad
So just give me with whatever you have, my stomach hurt, I need a bag
I'm street-livin'... week for week
No-sleep livin'
Look outside ya window in tha mornin', your jeep missin'
My heat sizzlin'
I'm ready to sweep these niggas
Geezy... make 'em remember Weezy, nigga!

(Hook 2x)

[B.G.]
Look, remember that?

[Lil Wayne]
Huh? Wuz up, (Are you rememberin', Me B.Geezy?)

[B.G.]
I remember you, nigga, we go way back to True Story, (Now) nigga, ya heard
Me

[Lil' Wayne]
Look, you don't remember me?

[B.G.]
I remember ya, nigga

[Lil' Wayne]
I was.. I was (You were doggin') a bad lil nigga... (You were a lil' donkey) Holly
Grove 17, off top, nigga (Uh-huh)

***

TRACK: Respect Us

[Lil' Wayne]
What what what
What what what
What what what
Listen, listen
When I come through bustin'
Everybody on the block be runnin'
Weezy Wayne, Hot Boy, I be thuggin'
Got them things, ten a key, hustlin'
Catch me at tha shop, I will.. be.. there
And my prices stay low, I keep.. it.. there
And if you want it raw, I got.. it.. right.. here
And if you want war, I am.. your.. nigh-tmare
This is all I know, it's gang bang
I hustle and slang slang
My block.. I hang hang
Who am I? Lil' Wayne, man
I represent CMB
My sell is ten in key
I usually get in beef
Was taught that it's him or me
I pop head-bustas quick
I rock here for my brick
I chop that, Dominic's
My shop here by the vic's
I always.. thug in black
And always.. bustin' gats
Your girl legs.. pumpin' back
Now how you... lovin' that?

Chorus: Juvenile (repeat 2X)

Hot Boys wodie, respect us
Representin' Team Cash-Money Re-cords
It's warfare, you betta, vest up
But if you ain't scared, then throw your sets up

[Verse 2]
Listen, listen
I give it to 'em how they ask me
Raw and nasty
Tha AK, I pack it
Believe I'm 'bout that action
Slash a busta like a fraction
I'm on that yolla
Standin' on tha corner with one sleeve over my shoulder
Ride on your block, I see a dozen of weak jerks
Now it's time for your momma ta order a dozen of T-shirts
For only half-a brick
I'll blast tha fifth
And I ain't gon' stop shootin' 'til I jam tha clip
Yeah, I'm a small creeper, what
But it's about ta get ugly
Ya'll betta call people up
I'm about ta start shovin' my sawed-off between your guts
Wayne 'bout ta (cugghh-gghh-gghh) ball people up
Ya'll betta duck
When it get real, they hide from me
But, all them bustas 'bout ta get killed, I'm tired of it
Man, I'm thuggin' 'til the day I-I die, cousin
Weezy Wee, let 'em burn, bring the fire truck in (Whoop!)

(Hook 2x)

[Verse 3]
Nigga, let it be known
I'll come blow up your home
Take a few blunts to tha dome
And.. show up alone
Just me and my.. flame-torch
Wayne start.. danger
Walked with my head down like a stranger, and banged ya
Burnin' off that Hennesy
Some-a ya'll be feminine
Bounce in with a twitch
Leave 'em crawlin' out a ditch
God damn... son of a shhh!.. Don't speak
I cocked that, and let it go, tssss!.. Give 'em heat
Your cheese, I got.. ta.. get.. paid
I'm goin' all out, no matter what.. it.. takes
I.. was.. raised.. up on.. that.. paper
Kill-for-the-scrill was.. in.. my.. nature
Tote M1's and keep.. tha.. block.. hot
Sell raw coke to keep.. my.. Glock.. hot
Never add taxes to.. my.. price, man
And if a boy play, I ride.. at.. night, man
What!

(Chorus 3x)

[Juvenile}
Uh, uh, uh
Say Lil' Weezy
You did this one here, ya heard me
They ain't gon' never get weared out from this one
It's like they said, boy
In tha year 2000, it's all about Wayne
It's your chrome, man, run that thang
17th ward to tha 3rd ward downtown
Do that there
Huh, huh, huh, huh

***

TRACK: Drop it Like it's Hot

[Lil Wayne]
Drop, drop, drop, what what what
After you back it up then stop
What
What, wha, drop it like its hot
After you back it up and stop
What, what
Wha, drop it like its hot
Now drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like its
Hot
Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot
Make em' drop it
Like its hot, drop drop it like its hot
Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it
Like it's hot

Hehe, listen

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
You know me girl
I'm a cash money millionaire look at my Rolie (Rolex) girl
Drop to your knees toss your hair ahah slow me girls
Now hit it strong, won't be long, now catch it slowly girl
No he didn't say that, yes I did girl
I don't use rubbers, and I don't plan no kids girl
I don't want your number, I want your trouble, in ya skins girl
Then after that, you can get it how you live girl
That's on the real girl, I'm a pimp girl
Get it twisted, I'll slam you like Shawn Kemp girl
I'm the one to get it hot like a lighter girl
I just slap you a couple of times, never fight it girl
That's cause I likes it girl
And let me tell you somethin girl, I am a player girl
So don't you try to play me cause I never save a girl
Do me a favor girl, and wet the spot girl
And after you back it up, drop it like its hot girl

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
Now after you back it up then stop
What, what, wha drop it like its hot
Now after you back it up then stop
What, what, wha, drop it like its hot
Make em' drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like its hot
Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot
Make em' drop it like its hot, drop drop it like its hot
Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot

[Verse 2: B.G.]
First I need you to bend both knees
Wobble that ass right, then pop that pussy
The left one time, the right two times (whoa)
Show a nigga somethin, put it on a nigga mind, come on, come on
Now twirk it bitch; ain't no need to hold it in, what you workin with
You want a Hot Boy, hear me, work it bitch
Then break a nigga off, let me hurt you bitch, let me hurt you bitch
I'm on fire yea, I'm nasty and I'mma make you holler yea
Girl think I'm playin, I'mma break ya down
I'm a show you how we do it on VL Uptown
I wanna hear you make them "ooh, ooo" B.G. sounds
I wanna hear you say boy, aw you laid that down
Aw you laid that down
I'm hot yea, people say I'm off the block
But I won't stop till you drop it likes its hot

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
Now after you back it up then stop
What, what, wha drop it like its hot

Now after you back it up then stop
What, what, wha, drop it like its hot

Make em' drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like its hot
Drop it like it's
Hot, make em' it like it's hot
Make em' drop it like its hot, drop drop it
Like its hot
Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
I'm a rider boy, the hottest boy, respect me
Cause I'm on fire boy, on fire boy
Got them trees, holler boy, holler boy
Bout my cheese, them dollars boy, dollars boy
I'm a seventeen survivor boy, with choppers boy
I got guns that go BLOCK A boy, BLOCK A boy
Ya'll runnin with a monster boy, Weezy Wayne,Corleone
And I'm a mobster boy, hit it right I get my ball on like soccer boy
I keep it right I ain't gon thaw it off I'm a Tymer Boy
Go up in flames blockburner thats my motto boy
It ain't a game, I cock that cause I'm inside a boy
I'm a pimp, got a wife that'll holler boy
Catch her at the house steppin out the shower boy
(shhhhhhhh) hehehehehe, got a lotta boys
Claim to be soldiers but lies boy
And if I catch em I'mma bat em and make em retire boy

[Mannie Fresh]
Put a hump in your back and bend your rump
Hey sexy little mama we can do the hump
And you can hurt me hurt me, sex me sex me (what)

[Lil Wayne]
And after he finished, next me next me

[Mannie Fresh]
Work it jerk it pull it hold it grab it (whoa)
I need it eat it beat it, silly rabbit (ooo)
Woo hah stuck ya in the ass (ooo)
Got this thang up in ya like a snake in the grass (sss)
I know you wish you could go home (go home)
To a nigga with a dick like a python (python)
Stay up in ya like a off the hook telephone (telephone)
Got ya walkin round with nothin but a fuckin thong (wha?!)
Take the switches on these bitches cause I'm so wrong

[Lil Wayne]
So wrong, so wrong, so wrong
Drop (wha) so wrong, listen, listen, listen

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
Now after you back it up then stop
Then what, what, wha drop it like its hot
Now after you back it up then stop
Then what, what, wha, drop it like its hot
Make em' drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like its hot
Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot
We make em' drop it like its hot, drop drop it like its hot
Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot

[Lil Wayne]
Tell em' after you back it up then stop
What, what, wha drop it like its hot
We tell em' after you back it up then stop
What, what, wha, drop it like its hot
We make em' drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like its hot
Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot
Make em' drop it like its hot, drop drop it like its hot
Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot

[Lil Wayne]
They go wobblety wobblety, wa a wobblety wobblety
Wa a wobblety wobblety
Drop drop it like its hot
Make em wobblety wobblety, wa a wobblety
Wobblety
Wa a wobblety wobblety, wa a drop drop it like its hot
Now after
You back it up then stop
Wha wha wha, drop it like its hot
They gotta
Wobblety wobblety wa a wobblety wobblety
Wa a wobblety wobblety, drop drop it
Like it's hot
Tell em after you back it up then stop
Then wha, wha, wha
Drop it like its hot
Make em after you back it up then stop
Then wha, wha
Wha, drop it like its hot
Drop it like it's hot drop drop it like its hot

Drop em like it's hot, drop it like it's hot
Drop it like it's hot drop drop
It like its hot

***

TRACK: Young Playa

[Lil Wayne]
He he hee
I'm a young playa nigga, (what)
I get the game from the big tymers, nigga (what, what)
Who else? (Speak on it) On the real nigga, on the real nigga
Respect the game
Cuz I got the game

[Lil Wayne]
Y'all know who I is
Weezy coming thru in the bubble eye Benz
See me front in back with the wood all around
Plus I got that (boom boom) surround sound
Don't hate on me boy if you do (pow) get down
Come from under my shirt try to lift you off the ground
But on the other hand, I'ma key runner man
I got about a hundred coming up with three Hummers man
We stuntas man
I might stumble across a grand and give it to your wifey
And watch how she (*slurp*) on my pipey like a Icee
I might be in a Range that night
I might be in a Lex watching the game tonight
I got a hundred on Kobe, hope he playing it right
But if I lose, its cool, that's some change lil shite
That ain't nothing
I ain't doing nothing if I, I ain't stunting
Hold up, girl be quiet, Lil Wayne coming

[Baby]
Slow yo roll lil one
You in glady's bar
And Ms. Pat and gray head over there
They In the back card gambling
At the bar dranking
But go head, just be quiet with 'em lil one

[Verse 2]
Broads I use 'em
Hatas I bluse 'em
My whole front grill is full of confusion
Got dammit
Weezy pull up in a Porsche, expanded (expanded)
The top was to the back, niggas couldn't stand it
Soon as I left the scene, the women vanished
I got it like that
Got Rolex, blue shit hard to say watches
Plus I bought all of my niggas Cartier watches
Weezy and his clique leave with forty b-e-atches
"Million Dollar Man" baby Ted DiBiase
Catch me sippin on some Hen, maybe Covoursier
Sammy, Mario, tody Tez, that's my posse
And what
You might see me dippin low in a Benz truck
Tell yo girl hello
I done did her, what you muggin me for
Keep playin with me, I'll put a slug in yo do'

[Mannie Fresh]
Now looky here, young blood
Pull yo pants up on yo ass and put that piece of metal up in yo shirt
Don't make me get up out this wheel chair and kick yo ass
Now keep doing what you doing
Go head

[Verse 3]
Y'all know me, young playa, stomp with the big dogs
Play with me boy I give you cancer like menthol
Cough cough cough up
Got a cat eye Benz on Brabus
They call us Uptown shiners
Original Hot Boy$ baby, Big Tymers
I spit game
Get in they head, they be like, "Quit Wayne!"
Half hour later, I'm in they split man
Hehehehe it be kicks man
Let me get real
I'll kill on the battlefield
Steal for the scrill
I will never leave my clique nigga, I'm to trill
I'm a little peepsqueal
But I'm a ape in that jungle
And if you get it twisted
Nigga, I'm taking yo lover
I mean I'm raping yo lover
Leave her taste in my rubber
I'm a playa nigga, I'm a playa

***

TRACK: Enemy Turf

(Juvenile)
Ah hmmm hmmmm
Hmmmm Hmmm

[Verse 1: Juvenile]
When I say I don't give a fuck
I mean that yeah
Niggas brains is gettin bust
I don' seen that yeah
If a shipment was comin in
I need a haul of dat wodie
I need a sixty-forty nigga
And no chargin' that wodie
You done heard about Michael Jackson
And shiggidy shit
But you ain't never heard about me
When I'm flissin a bitch
Niggas doors gettin knocked
Clean off of the hinge
See that red dot comin for
Me and my girlfriend?
Cause I wants mine
I needs mine
And I'm about to get mine
But these dying
Look lil' daddy
You ain't got to worry about none of these other niggas
You needs to be worried about when Juvi comin to get ya
Look, I make a phone call to the big dog
Y'all bitches better handle y'all business before I hit y'all
Even though a nigga rich and I rock ice
I still bust a nigga head on the block aight?

(Hook)2x (Juvenile & Lil Wayne)
(Juvenile)
It's enemy turf that I'm on
So I'mma play it how it go
Cock the hollow points
And tote my black calico
My lil' brother Weezy

(Lil' Wayne)
My big brother Juvi
Both hit tha blocks
Strapped up with the Uzis

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
What, What, La
Gun for gun
Eye for eye
Better move yo' wife and son
Cause I ride or die
Cash Money Hot Boy, bless me when I'm gone
But until then, load up the chrome, cause it's on
I been bout it
Put a boot up in my lip and put my thirty up in a clip
I drop the top and then I dip I hit his block and make 'em flip
And I be full of that trash
I be the first one to jump out the jag bust at 'em fast
Watch the bullets chop off the head
And make 'em fall in the grass
One move they all die
Lil Weezy a small fry, but gorilla when it's war time
Y'all better learn
When this nigga shoot it'll be all hell
Well then let 'em burn
Hold 'em fo' ransom, hear me smart boy
Seven churn and I be damn if I let 'em go
If I don't get my dough
Then hell will be all blowin'
Til I R.I.P., C.M.B. I be
I put it down for all my peeps
Nigga, I'm H.B. for real

(Chorus)2x

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
All I know is the streets
And how to strap up
When it's time shoot it
Cock yo' heaters
Tie up yo' bags
It's time to do it
Blaze the blunt
Shut off the lights
And cut down the music
Roll down the windows
Turn the corner
And let loose with the bbbbrrrrrr
If ya don't know now
Then ya never will learn
You can play with Lil' Wayne
And yo' block get burned
You must love to go swimmin
Cause tha water gets deeper
See I bust you wide open
And take 'ya daughter with me
Here come the beat boy
Shoot out the street lights
Time to bring on the heat boy
If you ain't really wit it
Then you better get back
I open yo' chest
And make it look just like a wet cat
This is a death trap
I'mma a guerilla and I mean it
Leave ya' head still in a beanin'
Lyin' on the cement
Calicoe steamin'
Red dot beamin', dressed up suspicious
Play with Lil Weezy, you'll be dinner for the fishes

(Chorus)2x

[Outro]
Enemy Turf
Time to strap up
What

***

TRACK: Not Like Me

[Paparue]
Original roughnecks, hear {laughing}
Check!

[Paparue(Hook 2x)]
Nobody burn them blocks like-a we
Nobody bust them heads like-a we
Nobody could outshine we
Tha whole CMR, CMR family

[Lil' Wayne]
Look, it's little rhymecholy
Legendary like Bob Marley
17 ward superstar, feel me
I tell ya shorty, million dollar nigga
Don't test, cause lil' shorty is a rider, nigga
Got my click behind me.. every step of tha way
Hit your wards, with tha pump, with your chest and your face
I'm a bloodhound... I ain't lyin', I'm thugged out!
I'm from uptown... and that ain't no Beverly Hills
You wan' know what that be like? Well, curiousity kills
Send chills up my trigga finger, blast tha dummy
'Specially if it's a drought, I got ta have tha money
Take tha hit, even if it's below tha average money
Got to make it through tha week, and feed my family uppy
I'm just a lil' thug, what
Belt-buckle fall down to my cuffs, what
And police don't even matter, they can suck what
Tha price right if I catch ya slippin', nigga, what what.. what

(Hook)

[Mannie Fresh]
Eeh, what, what
What, you think I'm scared?, cause of tha threats that you sendin' me?
Lil' boy, I got so much money, I know who killed Kennedy
I hear you tellin' people 'bout tha people you done
But look, everytime I bump into to ya, you all about fun
What made you bring a knife to a gun fight... now that's not right!
Why your bitch-ass even showed up tonight?
Nigga, we use ta kick it like Tai Bo
I don't know.. what made you go sideshow, turn jive whore
Kickin', trifling, dirty, and low
We use ta split chicken.. ride ta Texas and back
I drive tha rental car while you drive tha Cadillac
Shakin' like a pair of hot dice
Doin' 55, duckin' feds, law enforcements, and police
Niggas turn like fake gold.. sell they soul
Treat'cha like Chicago in tha winter: ice cold!
9-karat 44's, and Calicos
Keep a clean nose
And tight Teflon bullet-proof clothes

(Hook)

[Baby]
Nigga outta line, get smoked
I don't kidd, or joke
Fuckin' with my B.G., off top I'm goin' broke
I don't play with these niggas
I get.. low down and dirty
And have niggas' brains coverin' tha ground
I'm tha number-one stunter, you don't want my trouble
I'll have four niggas in your hood in my hummer
I'm from back in tha game, but ain't a damn thing change

[B.G.]
Ya get a whole thing for ten, nigga, tha price tha same

[Baby]
My money long, within the runway at a airport
I just bought a Hotel Cash Money Resort
Hoes love my grill, hoes love my crib

[B.G.]
These hoes just love tha way that.. Baby live

[Baby]
But I'm a thug-ass nigga, arms full of some tats
Got a Cash Money Millionaires 'cross my back
You don't want funk with me.. I don't think you do, nigga

[B.G.]
We'll put ten-a-piece on your whole crew

[Baby]
What! Bitch....

(Hook 4x)
{fading out begins in 4th}

***

TRACK: Come On

[Verse One: Lil Wayne]
Where my niggas at, it's play it raw time baby
Load up the guns guerilla war time baby
Light up the blunts, light up the block time dawg
Choppers with drums, uzi's, and Glock time dawg
Murk Whoever he with, they better split cause this the night
And whoever ain't hit, jump out the whip and get it right
Then we run in his house, see anybody and haul them out
Then we empty the clips and let the Lord sort em out
I'm bustin it really, it ain't no stopping me cause I hang up to that Dilly
And now I'm tying up my bandanna and I'm cocking back
Jump out the Hummer send a hundred to your stocking cap
Dawg we got automatics, two shooters, six shots, and 50 round drums
Hit your daddy, you sister, your son, your wife and move your momma
Cause I'm off the wall, off the hook, off the chain
Got a sawed off, tec and I'm bout to knock off your brain
Tell em'

[Hook: B.G. & Lil Wayne]
Come on, nigga Come on, time to do it nigga
Nigga Come On, Nigga Come On Wodie!
Come on, nigga Come on, time to do it nigga
Nigga Come On, Nigga Come On Wodie!

[Verse Two: B.G.]
If drama come to me then it come
For that I got two Glocks and a k with a drum
That's what I ride with not what I got got ducked off
The mac, sweeper, the six shot, pump that sawd off
I got the tillery when beef kick
I got soldiers ready to march when that beef start
I got niggas be in that zone on that herion
I got niggas ready to kill when shit get real
I got niggas that play all out skirts of the field
So get caught up in that place and your brain get spilled
Oh it's a game but it's a game of life or death
You lose and can't continue if you get dome checked
You get blues it's all what duck gonna be next
Come in that water and get wet
Think you can fuck with me, your thoughts will get upset
I don't shot to hit I shot to kill
Believe me I don't shoot for fun when I shoot it's for real
Come on nigga!

[Hook: B.G. & Lil Wayne]
Come on, nigga Come on, time to do it nigga
Nigga Come On, Nigga Come On Wodie!
Come on, nigga Come on, time to do it nigga
Nigga Come On, Nigga Come On Wodie!

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Give me the guns, I'm ready to bust one nigga
My nuts hung nigga, since I was young nigga
I get dumb nigga, with the M-1 nigga
I sip some nigga, and I flip some nigga
Imma uptown stunna, what the hell you think
Ready for war, but I ain't captain of no goddamn tank!
And you can take that to vegillity boy
I'm burning up, I'm on fire is you smelling boy
Cause I be coming with the top down
Letting them know how the chop sound
100 rounds tore the whole entire block down
Assault rifle with a drum and beam totter
38 with a speed loader in my holster
Mac uzi achine with a strap around my shoulder
But if I pop my trunk I'm might just set off a damn explosion
I'm off the wall, off the hook, off the chain
Got a sawed off tec and I'm bout to knock off your brain
Tell em'

Chorus x2

You ain't gotta hollar wodie, here I come nigga! x2

[Outro (B.G. & Turk)]
They gotta holler at "Lil Wayne!", Here I come Nigga! You ain't gotta holler Nigga here I come Nigga! You ain't gotta holler whodie here I come nigga! You ain't gotta holler Nigga! Here I come Nigga! (Come on, come on, What? Come on Nigga!) (There They Go shorty!) (There they go, come on..)

***

TRACK: Up to Me

[Verse 1]
Look, where I go from here?
Just lost my father last year
But I still, remain to keep it real like dollar bills
I drop tears, can't believe my daddy's gone
Rabbit come home, why ya left us all alone?
But I'm comin man
Just wait at the gates, I'mma be runnin man
Arms open, eyes wide, full of love
You watched me come up from a scrub
Now ya see ya son ridin every day on dubs
But I wish, I could share them times wit' you
It got me pissed, this family and my momma, too
But please brah, won't ya come back for Lil Wayne
And Cita; Ms. Rose, Sheryl, Kevin, and plus Senitra
Dawg, we really miss ya
And it ain't all that cool livin off pictures
Ah man, visit while I'm sleep, write a note or call me
Can't believe you left me to be a small man
But I know it wasn't meant to be
That's why I suck up all the game that you sent to me

[Turk & (Lil Wayne)](Hook) 2x
It's up to you, Wayne, (I know) nigga, stay up and keep it real
It's all on you, man, my nigga, I know how you feel
Just be strong, cause everythang gon' be alright (Alright Dog)
I know it's hard tryna make it but it's gon' be alright (Alright Dog)

[Verse 2]
Alright I know it, see I got a child
I know I'm young, but when you left dawg, thangs got wild
I know you probably sayin 'damn, you raisin children now?'
But it's all gravy I'm with Baby makin millions now
So I still smile
I'm takin care ya wife brah
Ain't nothin changed, if I still come home late at night she fuss
But it's still the ol' same ol', same ol'
Thangs go, up and down like rainbows, we maintain though
So you know who payin the bills now, ah hah
Still flossin, give my audience the chills, ah hah
I got all my game from you, nigga I ain't gon' lie
But I'm still thuggin nigga, playa you think I ain't gon' ride?
But Slim and B done slowed me done and brought the talent out me
Yeah Slim and B done showed me 'round, Hummers and Jags around me
And I ain't goin' no where, that nigga stuck wit' me
And make you and my people happy, man it's up to me

[Turk](Hook)x2

[Verse 3]
I know you know I'm thinkin' 'bout ya, you be on my mind
I know ya see me everytime, watchin yo' lil boy shine
And I know that ya see I put out my own CD
And picture this, your little boy even on TV
But I swear it's off the heezy, Weezy
Say it's cool, you can believe me, I like how they treat me
I'm doin' what ya say, don't let a nigga try me
And I don't let a fine, pretty broad get by me
Don't let nothin' pull me off track from my hobby
Oh yeah, and I don't leave my room sloppy
But the same thang make ya laugh, make ya cry
And everybody that ya love it's like they have to die
I pray to the Lord everyday and ask him why
And ask him to bless your soul everytime I pass by
I know he doin' it, and leavin all the love to me
And I'mma prove it, and show ya daddy, it's up to me

[Turk](Hook) 3x

[Outro: Lil Wayne & Turk]
Look, Rabbit...nigga love you bruh
I mean it's up to me man
Just watch over me
And it's gon' be all gravy man
Slim and B, treat me all good
Everythang else be all good (Alright dog)
Love you dog...
Rest in peace ya heard me
I'll be there, in the future

([Turk] Outro)
Handle your business big dog....Fa sho'!

***

TRACK: You Want War

[Lil Wayne]
Aw aw
Aw aw!
Aw aw!!
Peep me out, look!
Head bustin', black fatigues
So blunted, 400 degreez, it's Weezy
Nigga, respect it
When you see tha left hand buggin', nigga, respect it
But if you see tha left hand bustin', nigga, your disrespectin'
Took one to tha chest, I never die, I'm tha same brotha
Jump out and shoot K's, let 'em fly, I'm tha same brotha
It's a must they recognize that I'm untamed, brotha
Disconnect a boy like a damn change number
(Uhhh), hang up and try again
I kill ya, wake ya up, and make you die again
Spark it up, and make a nigga block fry again
Go ta jail, and do life, not five ta ten
Me, Lil' Mario, and Toolie, that's my man, fam
My niggas don't give a Jean-Claude Van Damme
About'chu, cause we don't play around
Bring tha K around, spray tha town, take tha ground
Take tha ground that you walk on
Tap tha phones that you talk on
Jam ya up and take your arms off
I hit you twice with tha sawed-off
And your neck, and just watch your head fall off... fall off
You think ya love me, I shoot anybody that look suspicious (what)
I bust tha street-sweeper until tha damn drum bust (what)
I hit tha hood, (I hit tha hood) be up in all black, (be in all black)
Numb-nut
I run up in your house with a tommy gun, what
I'm standin' there like I don't mind
Run through your clique like a weak defensive line
Yall ain't ready...

[Turk]
You want war, nigga, let's beef... beef
We can do it how ya want, or take it to tha streets... streets
I'll be dressed in camouflage, Ree's on my feet
Through your air (through your air) leave ya burnin' like heat
What ya..ain't know? I'm tha one from tha T.C
Chopper shooter, block bruiser, I'll bet any G (any G)
On fire, nigga, labeled as a HB
And if I can't kill you.. killin' your family (family)
Think it's a game, 'rilla, test my nuts, you'll see
How fast I send shots through your 6V (6V)
Heads bust if ya really think it's CMB
And I know you all know about Slim and B
We get our ball on, nigga, drink Cristy
Me and Buck get head from meekos in Tennessee
Betta ask somebody, nigga, I been a G
And Baby still servin' niggas for ten a key... nigga

[Lil Wayne]
Aw, aw, aw, look
Call me Big Baller, Big Tymer, Big Pockets
Call me Big Stunna, Big Stick, or Big Body
Call me that lil nigga with the rope full of diamonds
Call me the number one Hot Boy on fire
Fire, when you shoot outta town, then I'mma holler
With a crate of Crystile, couple of blunts, and a condom
Let him know if (let him know if) he down bad, that ain't my problem
Let him know if he come at me bad, then I'mma chop him
Ch-uh.. chop him
Put tha flame to him
All of a sudden tha thing hits straight through him
Cause I'm tha same nigga, pimper boy, Lil' Wayne
Thugged out, pants fall to my shoe strings
But since I usually... do the best at thangs
That mean I gotta wear a vest at thangs
I really think them niggas jealous... of tha sparkle in my necklace
Yall ain't ready.. yall ain't ready

---

WORK: Lights Out

***

TRACK: Intro (Watch Them People)

It was the summer of 2001
And I saw the whole fuckin' thing
Yo! Can I say fuck on TV?
These guys had on some squad, shit!
It was Lil Wayne, two puppies, one child, and a dike
But not just any dike, Dick Van Dike
Hey, can I give a few shoutouts to my people?
Yo mom! Yo dad! What's up? Cool! I'm on TV!
Hey, I been tellin' them guys to get off the corner!
(I mean y'all know I'm good for...)

***

TRACK: Get Off The Corner

[Verse 1]
The block is hot, the cops is swarmin a neighborhood heavy
While niggas off in the neighborhood sellin, with penitentiary chances
The dope roped up in the cup of their pants
Fiends flock like spazzes come get this candy
I got heroin in bundles, them Highland O's
Plus a cooked slab, chopped up, dimes is swoll
If I spot the law's comin', hey, it's time to roll
Candy Carter got a line of parole, out of control
The first fell a Tuesday this month oh sweet thang
Plus it's a sweet day, me next score for three days
One time they say what you mean, I gets the green
Break up the block like Maurice Green, ya feel me?
In my predicament I'm guilty until proven innocent
Hustle ridiculous, I'm tryin to get this dope continuos
Ball til I fall, one thing, I ain't tryin to fall
Want everybody numb like anbesol
But he heard

[Hook 1] x4
Uh oh
There go them fuckin po-po's
And if you know like I know
You better get off the corner

[Verse 2]
I'm a young dog, wild and ecstatic, violent when passin
Hem gangstas doin time in a parishment, role models
And keep ya cup, we drink whole bottles, and cuss at niggas
Like fuck that nigga, I let my pump subtract niggas
You beef with me I guarantee your mams be missin
With a note behind demandin three chickens or she gets it
Do not twist it because lil man is trippin
They could have ya body in three different places
Ain't nothin gravy, but save it
Cause I'm a ride and hit the nigga street
Weezy go to war like Sadaam and Clinton disagree
While I'm shitty from the weed
Like were them bustas be
I promise ya never fuckin sleep, I clear the set
Come outside late at night to your surprise I'm here with Tec's
Two shots knock off the niggas necks, it's so realistic
So I hope ya get it, or else them shots poke ya fitted
Be on the block until them souljas hit it
That's when he heard....

[Hook 2] x4
Blocka
Me come to tear your block up
If you don't want no problems
You better get off the corner

[Verse 3]
All right, I cook it, cut it, ship and move it
I make a livin in this crooked public distributin
Just take a peek around, the hood is floodin, shit is boomin
The hottest D in town lookin for me hit me Tuesday, like after six
See I crack the bricks right down to Z's
Got pounds of trees, my blocks blazin qp's to ki's
Gangin in the cheese, them bricks is comin
No droughts I don't sit on nothin
I don't believe I'm frontin
If I give you a dime, I leave with somethin
The big dog, Nigga I got the city under siege
And the law don't bother me, I give the pigs a couple of G's
Shit, I hustle strong to push this work through the streets
I'm tryin to deal with every nigga, and sell the birds up cheap
I'm greedy, if there's any money bein made from drugs I need it
Twenty bricks two weeks completed, you can't beat it
Whatever you want, holla at me when you need to get it
Does anybody else, I'll pay em a visit
That's when ya heard....

[Hook 3] x4
Come here peeps
I'm hearin that you run these streets
You don't want beef
Then get off the corner

[Hook 1,2,3,3 repeat 2x]

Uh oh, you better get off the corner, skirt
Blocka, you better get off the corner
Come here, you better get off the corner
Get off the corner, Get off the corner
What, uh oh, get off the corner
What, uh oh, you better off the corner
What, uh oh, you better off the corner
What, uh oh, you better off the corner
Like dat, Get off the corner

***

TRACK: On the Grind

[Lil Wayne]
Whaaat
You can find me on the corner with stones, quarters and zones
Or dope and powder broke, and our sale's soap and flour
And most of our customers come up to us daily
Yet and still I cut this stuff crazy - a hustler, baby
What can I give you? I distribute ki's to the kings
And z's to the fiends, and ecstasy and weed to the teens
You need to see Weez - anything you like and I have 'em
From crack to Viagra, and Vicodins, Valiums
I'm the nigga they point to when you hit my av
So get all your money together, come and get my slabs
I get my cash, put some aside, and flip like half
And still enough for me to TV and deep-dish my Nav'
And you can tell the law that I say they can kiss my acid
For the white people
When I get two bricks for ten, I know the right people
And I keep a nine on my waistline
And I'mma be right on the corner, wodie - I'm gonna grind

(Hook [Lil Wayne])
I tell 'em, "Whaaat!!"
You see me hustlin' on the block all the time
Sittin' at the table, breakin' ki's down to dimes
Sooner or later this neighborhood gon' be mine
Nigga, I'm tryin' to grind

I tell 'em, "Whaaat!!"
You see me hustlin' on the block all the time
Sittin' at the table, breakin' ki's down to dimes
Sooner or later this neighborhood gon' be mine
Nigga, I'm on the grind

[Lil Wayne]
Nigga, y'all gon' respect Weezy, or else the tec squeezin' shots
I have your chest steamin' hot, and your sis' screamin', "Stop!"
I hang out on the block, nigga, with rocks and weed
On the corner 'til the mornin', see the cops and flee
And if we beef, we don't beef long cause we gon' creep all night
So I hope you don't sleep all night - we on your street all night
Say, aw aw, I don't want your boy to get me shoes
Cause I spit tools, and put him tissues in his shoes
And the bricks move every followin' week
So if you need to get it, too, then holla at me - got powder or d
And I shower your streets until your av pass out
More bricks than "The Three Lil Pigs'" last damn house
Stack crack and lay back, and just laugh at droughts
And issue work for half and just grab that south
For real, nigga - Weezy Wee tryin' to shine
From daybreak to nightfall I'm gon' grind

(Hook [Lil Wayne])
Tell 'em, "Whaaat!!"
You see me hustlin' on the block all the time
Sittin' at the table, breakin' ki's down to dimes
Sooner or later this neighborhood gon' be mine
Nigga, I'm on the grind

I tell 'em, "Whaaat!!"
You see me hustlin' on the block all the time
Sittin' at the table, breakin' ki's down to dimes
Sooner or later this neighborhood gon' be mine
Nigga, I'm on the grind

[Lil Wayne]
Start from grams to ounces to quarters to halves to ki's
Takes seconds to minutes to hours to days and to weeks
Gotta grind, work, hustle, struggle, and get it
Gotta buy, cook it, cut it, sell it, and flip it
And I flight everyday and night from the corner to the avenue
And I'll sleep next week, man, I got yay, dope, and crack to move
Ask them dudes when Wheezy open shop, I ain't got a bag to lose
Especially if I don't like who sent 'em to me and I'mma tax a dude
Duck the Feds and drama like I duck my baby momma
Sometimes I play it sour - what you thought was yay was flour
I pull whatever for the cheddar - nigga gotta flash and floss
Drought come around, then it's jack the cost or jack the boss
Cock the gun, then I push rocks 'til I spot the sun
All day I hung the block, I see the cops and run
I'm tryin' to get rich cause I wan' shine
You can find me on the block, nigga, all the time

(Hook-4x [Lil Wayne])
I tell 'em, "Whaaat!!"
You see me hustlin' on the block all the time
Sittin' at the table, breakin' ki's down to dimes
Sooner or later this neighborhood gon' be mine
Nigga, I'm on the grind

[Lil Wayne]
Look
Whaaaaaa

***

TRACK: Hit U Up

[Turk]
Come on, come on
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on
I roll with a bunch of untamed guerrillas, head bustas, and sharks
Niggas that's 'bout beefin' - lettin' them K's spark
Knockin'-it-off-your-shoulder soldiers - them real niggas
Niggas who did time - hard-to-kill niggas
How you live, you get it is the way a nigga play it
Niggas ain't fightin' no more - niggas bustin' your head
Sendin' you to your grave - it's do or die, cousin
Aimin' straight for your head, makin' sure you die, cousin
They dressin' in black, prepared for combat
Ridin' four deep strapped with choppers and macks
Not givin' a fuck, gettin' your cut, lettin' it bust
You get hit, that's on you, my nigga - you're outta luck
You're stuck like chuck - wodie, you're assed out
That's what happen to ya tryin' to be hard, runnin' your mouth
Get erased, my nigga (my nigga)
Look here: I leave no trace, my nigga (my nigga)
No witnesses so can you see my face, my nigga (my nigga)
Fled the scene - so you have no case, my nigga- -case, my nigga
Look here: you can play if you wanna get down
Get your stupid ass left where you can't be found

(Hook [B.G.])
We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
We done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)
We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
We done popped you up, chopped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)
We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
We done popped you up, chopped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)
We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Whaa?)
We done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up

[Juvenile]
I was wrong for a lot of shit that I'mma take to my grave
Continuously whippin' niggas like a runaway slave
Must was meant for me to be thuggin' - I stay in some beef
Baby and Slim keep tellin' me, "Juvenile, stay off them streets."
I can't help - I draw attention; they be fuckin' with me
I'm hot in the ass and can't get enough of these streets
A lil' nigga in the Rolls screamin', "Fuck the police!"
Peelin' out in front the club, about to duck to the east
Now play yourself, you gon' find yourself by yourself
In a nice place ducked off with fucked up health
I done been strucked and snuck, but never fucked and stuck
My life is four hundred degrees, so I bust 'em up
Still stickin' to the g-code, Ree's, and B's
Quit drinkin', but I will smoke some weed indeed
All they understand is my project English
And if you don't like it, you can kiss my penis

(Hook-4x [B.G.])
We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
We done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)

[B.G.]
I run the streets cause I'm real if it's daylight or dark
You a killer, nigga? (Eah?) Ain't no fear in my heart
I'll go toe to toe with ya or take ya to war
I'll even go K for K with ya - now make your choice
Better know when I'm in beef that I be creepin', nigga
Better know that I'm a snake, and I'mma sneak ya, nigga
Each time I hit the corner, I be leavin' niggas
Momma upset - can't even go on and grievin', nigga
Nothin' change - I'm on TV, I don't play with you niggas
Still the same that'll spin broad day on you niggas
And empty a hundred out that K
Where you're caught hangin' is where you're left stankin', ya heard me
I've been in the game - niggas know what I'm 'bout
So many murders under my belt, I done lost count
If you wanna be another number, my nigga
Go ahead, drop your nuts, and run up, my nigga

(Hook [B.G.])
We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
We done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)
Now, we done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
Nigga, we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)
Now, we done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
And we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)
Look, we done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Whaa?)
Look, we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)

[Lil Wayne]
Hello, world
I zip through fast in a yellow pearl drop Porsche Boxter
Young mobster, wild and obnoxious
Pop some in your dreadlocks - What? Me not no rookie, boy
Glock cookin', boy
I'll turn your forehead to a pussy, boy
Off the gate, cousin, you niggas gon' make me stalk and spray somethin'
Spark or lace somethin'
Park the car, get out, walk, and spray somethin'
Taught to stay thuggin' brought up in this shit that we call America
And in my hood the laws are scared of us - we are too terrible
If I live to be old, it's a miracle
Cause the way a nigga hatin' or bitch plottin', the shit's hysterical
That's why I keep me two big guns on blast like a stereo
Come to your burial and kill anybody else who care for you
Don't blame me, society changed me
You haul white, you smash powder all night for the fast dollar
Cut off lights, we masked riders
The hood trash got us in a position we can't shake
With boys we can't break, and due to that you ain't safe, bitch

(Hook [B.G.])
We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
Now, we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)
Look, we done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
Now, we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up, nigga (Ooohh!)
(Did you see that?)
We hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
And we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)
(Did you see that?)
We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
Now, we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)
Boy, look
We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
Now, we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)
Look, we done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
Look, we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)

[B.G. (talking)]
Nigga - we put holes in you bitch-ass niggas, ya heard me
We don't barrow nothin', don't fear nothin'
And ain't nothin' you can do 'bout these (Hot! Hot! Hot!) Boy$, nigga
Let 'em burn, nigga
Let 'em burn, nigga
B.Geezy, Lil Wheezy, Juvy, Two Tymer

***

TRACK: Everything

[Intro]
I know, I know
Weezy Wee, this dedicated to my father, nigga
Rabbit nigga, y'all excuse the expressions

What it be like up there baby boy, ay this here ya son hollerin at ya
I miss the shit out ya, it's hard to be without ya
But I know you watchin, peepin down on how I'm livin
Ay, tell Jesus I said thanks for the blessings he sendin
Please ask him to forgive me for the sins I commit
Just let him know I'm still young and at risk
Say, I'll never forget the time that you caught me smokin herb in the house
I was dead wrong, I deserved to get out
But you just talked it over with my mom and got it situated in due time
Told me get the paper instead of high
So now I take that advice and shed light over my whole life dog
I wanted to be just like you my whole life dog
I can't believe them niggas stole ya, that shit's pain to me
But don't trip, I hold you down, you still remain through me
And dog I know I can't see you but I bet that you smilin
And I'm a make you even happier, I promise

(Chorus) 2x
I know you can't be close to me nigga, I know
But I know you watchin over me nigga, I know
But the shit's steady hurtin, burn deep
But it's alright dog, everything gon' be alright dog

I know you see my daughter growin up and bad as ever
But she cool cause she do whatever daddy tell her
And your wife, she's still the most wonderful woman
I just built her a new house, she ain't runnin from nothin
B and Slim, them niggas still love me like they own child
Ms. Rose nerves get bad, but still she gon' smile
And me I'm on some squad shit and some debate it
But I know they love it way more than they hate it
And I know you probably laughin at the way I treat these hoes and these
Bitches
I try love 'em, my BM be trippin
But Rabbit, you know one thing, I got the game from you, every perspective
That's why I keep the gun at close connection for protection
And you see I left school behind and chose CMB
It was impossible on the road every week, but I know enough
And I follow by everything you ever told me, think wisely
Watch over me my nigga, just guide me

(Chorus)

I swear to you man, at some times I really wish I was with you
Cause I get fed up with this life and I miss you
Somebody pass me a tissue, and let me wipe the tears from my eyes
Yeah, nigga I cried, it's cause I loved you dog
I promise I won't ever put nothin above you dog
So I live my life in dedication of you dog
I know you see me happy on the outside and hurt within
Make me wanna grab that gun and burst again
But I know they got a reason why I'm here
And I know they got a reason why you gone
And therefore, I'm succeedin on my own
But you ain't never left me, nigga, you still dwell in my heart
I can't forget you kept it real from the start
And until my last breath I exhale, I'm a keep you with me
And when we do meet again, I'm a keep you with me
And tell them niggas Pac, B.I.G. and Pun I said "thay's my peoples"
Watch over me nigga 'til I see you

(Chorus) 1 1/2x

(Wayne talking)
I know I can't be close to you (dog)
I know you watching over me dog
But the shit's that it hurt and burn deep
Its alright dog, everything gon' be alright dog
Rabbit, nigga, its your son
I'm down in your hole and your down
You see Cita straight, mom straight
Your mom straight, I mean everything going right
B and Slim nigga, is the realist niggas I ever met dog
And plus now I'm on some squad shit
My niggas, they keep it real with me
I keep it real with them
My little girl growning beutiful as ever man
You need to see her dog, she bad though man
Anyway dog, aiight holla!

***

TRACK: Fuck Wit Me Now

[Lil Wayne]
Let's go - let's go
Let's go - let's go
They can't fuck with me now
Huh? Fuck with me now
No, they can't fuck with me now
Can't fuck with me now
Let's go

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
I go by Weezy The Don
Magnificent nigga, lot of ice around my neck, freezin' the arm
And if a nigga decide to test, their chest get completely took off
And if you wonder who the fuck are them killas with the money nigga
We be the squad. It's so serious like
It's like ain't nothin' but 10 hot shellys
On the block everyday sellin' rocks and shit
Choppin' bricks - give the damn cops a dick
We cop a whip and drop a brick - that's how we do it
Weed, liquor, money, and guns how we do it
Freak bitch to swallow cum like fluid
Who it be? Through his feet, Dubbs
Ain't nothin' sweet cause I can't keep trust
Lil' nigga - worth well over a mill, nigga
Real nigga - come around and show up where you live, nigga
Better hide the kids nigga parents and all
Wayne 'bout to damage your home
Look I'm 'bout to go to see the man in the stars
Hoppin' out the van with bandanas and all
Cannons went off
News cameras takin' pictures of your family when your avenue's gone
Damn, it's a shame how the bullets slammed in your brain
How the ice slammed the pain, rammin' your dame
That's because she ran into the game
Nigga, stop playin' with Lil Wayne
Come on!

(Hook [Lil Wayne])
It ain't a game, nigga - I don't know who told you it was
I put holes in your mug if you're holdin' a grudge
Try to take 'em when you get the gun and load
And the slug check ya low when I bust
Come to show you no love
Uh, fuck with me now - they can't fuck with me now
No! They can't fuck with me now - they can't fuck with me now
Stop playin' with me get it understood
Cause I know if you know what's good for ya
Come around your hood for ya
You don't know me - I kill everyone who show love
You have them motherfuckers lookin' all up in the woods for ya

[VERSE 2 - Lil Wayne]
Iceberg Shorty dammit, pants is saggin', forty magnum
Comin' out the club on Bacardi's, staggerin'
Ten in the Ferrari wagon, braggin'
Ohh, what's happenin'?
(??) 'round the court cause some ex just looked at me
Runnin' with them cats that be clappin' the plastic
Nigga put a cap in your asses
Catch me on the ave with the crack and a 'matic
Hopin' that the law don't pass me - stash it
First of the month, just snatched me a package
Bag it - 'bout to get this motherfucker crackin'
If a nigga think about jackin', please believe
I be clip-slappin', click-clackin'
Pull the bitch back and run up on his parents
Kidnap for his snacks, and then whack him
Shit get drastic
That's why I try to stay as fars away from beef as I could
Grab me a freak to eats on my wood
Transport coke from each of my hoods
Weezy Wee - CMB's in my blood
Eagle Street 17's where I'm from
And I ain't got no feelins for none of these womens
Scrilla, Dough, fetticheese is my love
You know the streets made me
And I don't give a damn if you hate me
Nigga better be S-Q-A-D
Until the day the man do take me
Squad shit!
You don't want no violence to keep the quiet
We call my people wild, and then we beef in quiet
Or we'll creep in houses, we'll sweep your momma
So, please stay out it, or you leave in silence
Come on! What!

(Hook [Lil Wayne])
It ain't a game, nigga - I don't know who told you it was
I put holes in your mug if you're holdin' a grudge
Try to take 'em when you get the gun and load
And the slug check ya low when I bust
Come to show you no love
Uh, fuck with me now - they can't fuck with me now
Uh, they can't fuck with me now, them can't fuck with me now
Stop playin' when ya get it understood
Cause I know if you know what's good for ya
Come around your hood for ya
You don't know me - I kill everyone who show love
You have them motherfuckers lookin' all up in the woods for ya
Uh, fuck with me now - they can't fuck with me now
Uh, they can't fuck with me now - them can't fuck with me now
Come on!

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
It's too dark for ya's
I ain't got no love for ya's
Let gunshots smoked ya's
Who fuck with us?
Weed, liquor done corrupted us
Wet a nigga like umbrellas
Take the woman out a man; stomach out a man
Pump and bust, the guts comin' out a man
Runnin' out the Hummer with guns in each palm
If the motherfucker sleep, call him come get it
Niggas be kiddin' - me awake, deal away
Gun-spray - bullets damn near took off your son face
Oh, shit - niggas on that ho shit
Fours spit so quick like that lil' nigga ain't got no sense
Slow this shit down - let me get back down to reality:
I cause fatalities for any technicality
Wipe off your family randomly - U Understand?
It ain't a motherfuckin' game, and I ain't fuckin' playin'
Come on!

(Hook [Lil Wayne])
It ain't a game, nigga - I don't know who told you it was
I put holes in your mug if you're holdin' a grudge
Try to take 'em when you get the gun and load
And the slug check ya low when I bust
Come to show you no love
Ah, fuck with me now - they can't fuck with me now
Uh, they can't fuck with me now - them can't fuck with me now
Stop playin' when ya get it understood
Cause I know if you know what's good for ya
Come around your hood for ya
You don't know me - I kill everyone who show love
You have them motherfuckers lookin' all up in the woods for ya
Ah, fuck with me now - they can't fuck with me now
Them can't fuck with me now - ah, they can't fuck with me now
Look-
It ain't a game, nigga - I don't know who told you it was
I put holes in your mug if you're holdin' a grudge
Try to take 'em when you get the gun and load
And the slug check ya low when I bust
Come to show you no love
Ah, fuck with me now - them can't fuck with me now
They can't fuck with me now - them can't fuck with me now
Stop playin' when ya get it understood
Cause I know if you know what's good for ya
Come around your hood for ya
You don't know me - I kill everyone who show love
You have them motherfuckers lookin' all up in the woods for ya
Ah, fuck with me now - they can't fuck with me now
Them can't fuck with me now - no, they can't fuck with me now

[Lil Wayne]
Can't fuck with me now - it's not a game, nigga
Can't fuck with me now - it's not a game, nigga
Wha, wha, uh, uh, nigga!
Wheezy Whee!!! (Whee! Whee! Whee!)
Watch out! (Watch out!)

***

TRACK: Lil' One

[Intro: Lil' Wayne]
Fuck, man I been on this block all day
(say, say, say, say, say)
Hot man, get off my shirt, hot man
(Oh whatchu got?) Ohhh who that?
Boy that look like Baby, that ain't (that's dubs?)
That ain't Baby (that's dubs?)
That ain't - that is that nigga man (lets go)

[Baby] Say Lil' One
[Wayne] What, what's happening with you big dog?
[Baby] Look I need to talk about some serious shit dog
[Wayne] Like what? Look I ain't have nothing to do with
Killing them...
[Baby] Slow down, I'm talking bout some getting money shit
And how its gonna go down
[Wayne] Well holla at me nigga, talk to me, let me know something
Cause right now I'm tired of hustling
And these rocks ain't doing nothing
And to tell you the truth I feel like I be out here for the fun of it
I swear if I don't hit a lick by next month, I'm done with it
[Baby] Understand, but you ain't listening you just talking
I said I could get you paid, is you with that offer?
I know you see me coming through everyday pimpin
In a Benz, the Jag, and a Ferrari
[Wayne] Yeah, but I like that Bentley
[Baby] All thats cool shorty, you can get this if you with me
Let me run it down to you bout this shit that I've been getting in
[Wayne] I mean, I'm saying, it sound good, I like that
[Baby] What thats a blunt?
[Wayne] Yeah
[Baby] Light that, nigga I'll be right back
[Wayne] Aight cat, just don't be playing, this worth my while?
[Baby] Lil' daddy I play with hoes, is you a ho?
[Wayne] Nah
[Baby] Say I got work, I need to flood it all over
I can't do it all myself, so I need me a lil' solider
I been peeping ya lil' ass, I see you grinding and shit
[Wayne] I been peeping you too, nigga I see you shining and shit
And you don't even know how long I been trying to find me a brick
To make it flip and take the chips and go an buy me a whip
[Baby] Fuck a whip, that could wait
You worry bout your cake
Once you make enough to play, go buy a Z-28
[Wayne] A Z-28, boy go head, once I get change
I'mma go an cop me a Range and two platinum chains
[Baby] Well look I ain't fucking with you
You too young from the start
[Wayne] Man that ain't even got anything to do with it
Its dedication and heart
[Baby] Dedication and smarts
Don't put your heart in this game
Cause when you fall to deep in love you get caught in this game
[Wayne] Well correct me when I'm wrong
And acknowlegde me when I'm right
[Baby] Lil' bitch, if your hard head ass listen I might
[Wayne] B, I'm all ears
[Baby] Get your ass in this car
[Wayne] Unlock the door
[Baby] Its unlocked
[Wayne] Don't holla at me
You ain't my pa
[Baby] Now stop playing, look I got a hundred bricks just came
Fifty ki's of raw dope, and fifty bricks of cocaine
Pays five a piece
[Wayne] Every week?
[Baby] Just move it together
I'mma knock off my lil' section
You take care of your area
[Wayne] Ughhh, nigga I been waiting to be the Don 'round here
I'mma have Coke and Dope
It's gone be on 'round here
But how you want me to sell this
Zones, Quarters, Halfs, Ki's?
[Baby] However they ask for it, just give it to them Lil' Wheez
[Wayne] I'm all for it cousin
I'mma get me a million
If power get between it I'mma split me a nigga
[Baby] You better, but when I get you this shit nigga
Let them have it
I bet you be on the block, working - directing traffic
[Wayne] Like you park here, you park there, you meet me in the cuts
[Baby] Say Lil' One
[Wayne] What's up?
[Baby] We gonna fuck it up
[Wayne] Nigga what? Nigga what? Haha

{*Car sounds in background as you hear Lil' Wayne
Whispering something you can't understand*}

***

TRACK: Break Me Off

[Lil Wayne]
We had them bitches that they feel like it was some drug
Its Weezy Wee, Mannie Fresh, and Unplugged
We had them bitches that they feel like it was some drug
Weezy, Fresh, and Unplugged

[Lil Wayne]
Give me a big fine bitch in a dress, one who put them lips in effect
Suck the dick until the shit in her chest
You can piss on her breast, I like that shit
Project hoes like that dick, don't bite that dick
Give me a Spanish big and sweet ho, black from Puerto Rico
Freak ho, specializin in givin me deep throat
Really don't care how (?) shorty
Give me head, don't care, swallow cum, don't spit
Aww shit, I like them Jamicians and them Hatians
Niggas can't take it when they shake an make me rape 'em
White girls I video tape 'em and they enjoy it
They love it when everybody saw it, it's off the chain
High yellow Mexican bitches they all for brains
But watch them hoes that want the change, it's not a game
Or a short cuban ho, with a fat ass though
Bet I'll treat the bitch just like Fidel Castro

[Hook: UnPlugged]
Tell me what you like, let me tell you what I like
If you go on and break me off by the end of the night
You can ride with me
Cause I like ya Simmon's jeans, ain't tryin to make a love scene
Truly I just want you to break me off

[Lil Wayne]
Listen, listen, it's Weezy the hottest, drinkin Barcadis
I stream through the scene in a Lincoln on Robbers
Lookin for the finest dime to wine and dine
Later on I'm tryin to climb behind ya spine
Hold up lil mama, slow ya ass down
Pick ya up, dick up in ya, throw ya ass down
Now throw ya ass around, and scream me name
I can't hear you say it louder what (Wayne, Wayne)
A damn shame, better watch that boy he nasty
I strap on de plastic, make ya bounce like elastic
Put the pickle in the middle, make it wiggle for y'all
Might be small, but that dick ain't little at all
I like a short thick broad, fat ass and shit
Like sassy, flip like Trina, "Da Baddest Bitch"
Matter of fact when I see her, +Pull+ her +Over+ like a cop
Juvey coulda "Backed It Up" and I'da "Dropped it Like It's Hot"
Ya heard me?! (What, haha)
Haha, Unplugged

[Hook]

[Mannie Fresh]
I like them big and round, pretty and brown
A bitch that take it from the back and make the (Ugh Ugh) sound
Now you can bounce slide drop, giddy up, giddy up
Now you can ride til you feel it get a nut, get a nut
Shake for ya hood, bounce for ya baby daddy
Twerk for that nigga got you pregnant in the Caddy
Slide with the KY, hold up, pause
My bitch got thongs, yo' bitch got drawers
My chick like to swallow, yo' chick like to spit
If yo' chick was my chick I'd still love that bitch
Hold up, wait a minute, chill out, stop
My ginseng, viagra, and a strawberry pop
See I'm gettin kinda bold, won't ya bring a friend
From vagina to the asshole do it again
I want a yucky down misses bout delta
Yo mama loved a Tymer but now you welcome
You ok lil mama and I love that chick
But deep down inside I just love my dick

[Hook] - 4X

***

TRACK: Skit

You have now reached the end of side A it is time to turn over wait turnover
Get a fuckin CD asshole so bring your ass down to fuckin sound advice buy a
Fuckin CD player go to fuckin sam goody buy the fuckin CD stop copying shit on
Tapes you fuckin loser and play the shit right and if you ain't feelin it your
Fucked up your deaf so the shit better rattle your fuckin trunk better make
Your fuckin ear drums bleed better make the neighbors go wow what the fuck is
That whats so loud is there another party at the house no its fuckin Lil Waynes
Album rockin this shit motherfucker

***

TRACK: Wish You Would

[Intro]
Look look look - don't play with me
Look look look
Huh? Huh? Look

[Verse 1]
Let's get the pistols out the trunk, let's get ready to bust bang!
Leave a nigga block full of nothin' but guts, brains
Ain't no way, nowhere that these niggas could duck flames
My guns up for and tellin' all to suck Wayne
I'm runnin' with a clique that just be thuggin' heavy
Plus I'm runnin' in them bricks, cook it, cut it, sell it
One time for my daddy, Rabbit, up in Heaven
Ever since my nigga died I've been strapped up and ready
Come and get it - it's Weezy Wee, the hottest ever
Now this fella gon' get bullets inside his sweater
I'm just terror, or better yet, horror or drama
And tomorrow I'mma hit the block and barrow your momma
Beef with me, you're swimmin' in water with sharks and piranhas
Revolvers and choppers got all your partners callin' the coppers
And for the grand finale, I might pull up in a tan Denali
When I hop out, in my hand is a Calico sprayin' your family

(Hook [Lil Wayne])
Don't play with me - I wish you would
I'mma hit your hood, then split your hood
You bet' not play with me cause I cock my gun
I pop my gun
Better hide and run

Niggas bet' not play with me cause I wish you would
I'mma hit your hood, then split your hood
Niggas bet' not play with me cause I cock my gun
And I pop my gun
Better hide and run

[Verse 2]
What is this that done got me in your district? Twist it
Now everybody got dots on they heads like Egyptians
I'm tipsy - I've been sippin' on that Hennessy, people
Then it get deeper, I start shootin' up innocent people
Seventeen Creeper is who I - what I - be, dog
The clip slide in the four-five, then it blow five
In heat, dog? It's your life or me, dog
On four tires, or feet, dog
I still be on the block sweepin'
Nobody is not sleepin'
Got me in all black with a gun in a palm
Run in his home, start shootin', hit his son in the dome
Dummy, it's on - ain't gon' be no relaxin' and stuff
Cause when I come through mashin' the truck, I'm blastin' a pump
And passin' a blunt - me circle once to see if he dead
Gotta be sure cause niggas promised me a ki if he dead
But, dog, you get it raw if you war with the kid
I'll push your baby momma car off the bridge
Huh?!

[Hook x2]

[Verse 3]
You might catch me with bandanas and strapped T
On the back street of your block in the back seat
I'mma cap three at the first coward I up and see
I'mma bust the piece and knock his body a couple of feet
When I rush your front door, you get a few to your stomach
Hope they dress you up nice because your funeral Sunday
Nigga shouldn't've played tough - wouldn't've got his head bust
Now your whole livin' room is full of pink and red stuff
Now you're gatted up, full of that vodka and weed added up
Fresh platted up, your T-shirt all tatted up
Crack in the tongue of my kicks
Plus I got a gun on my hip, and I'm runnin' the strip
I know you see me: Little Weezy kill 'em all easy
A hundred rounds from the chopper leave 'em real sleepy
You know how we be smellin' weedy up in our clothes
Cutthroatin', connivin' killers, but that's all I know
Huh? Huh? Huh?

[Hook x5]

[Outro]
Niggas bet' not play with me
Look, uh-huh (uh-huh uh-huh)
Look look look
Look look look
Whoa

***

TRACK: Grown Man (Lights Out)

[Bridge: Lil Wayne]
Dawg you gotta feel me on this one
What it be like dawg? I'm on some, some adult grown up type shit
Look who I be around nigga, look who I been around nigga
Jeezy, Juvie, Turk, B and Slim dawg pay attention dawg

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Age is nothing but some digits, nigga trust me on this
Cause I think I speak for everyone when I say life is a bitch
I ride D L in the C L, gun right in my grip
I slip a clip in every whip cause haters likely to trip
Come home to my future wife and every night she'll flip
She end up catching rights to her lip behind diapers and shit
But I like me a spliff drink henny without the ice when I'm pissed
Go to the club and start a fight thinking I'm Tyson and shit
But I'm a man so I'm able to handle my situations correctly
And I know I might be young but nigga gone definitely respect me
But in the mean while I'm fighting gun charges in court
And in a couple of weeks our next tour about to start
Its like I'm never happy now
Except for the fact my daughter saying I love you daddy now
And that kinda juice me up, but I smoke bout 3 blunts
And puff a cooler boost me up
And say a prayer for everyday
Just so I get through the stuff, but I be like

(Chorus) - 2x
Awww man, it's complicated doing everything on your own man
Being responsible for everyone in ya home man
And when you feel like everything is going wrong man
I'm gone stand cause I am a grown man

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
I try to keep my head up, but I die to keep my bread up
And usually I'm fed up thinking everything's a set up
But I get up this stick out my chest and clutch on my nuts
And I get hit up with all kinda stress
And put up wit the stuff, just trust me it's tough
But I maintain to climb through it all
And I still manage to be Lil Wayne therefore I shine and I ball
And dawg I live for today and hope and pray there's a tomorrow
And I borrow confidence from out my heart when things get awful
And I'm often on the edge stuck without a solution
Someway I still pick it out and shuffle out the confusion
And I don't need nobody so keep yo advice and just doubt me
Cause y'all cats don't really know me, y'all just know about me
But my dawgs be on my side they keep me covered with spirit
And plus I know my fathers watching and my mothers the dearest
And I ain't never say I thought they ain't appreciate what I do
But just know if I wasn't a man we wouldn't make it through, but I be like

(Chorus) - 2x

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Who would have known that this was someday turn out so hectic?
But I chose my own life so I gradually accept it
And I'm influenced and effected by the way it became
And I don't play with it at all so I don't say its a game
And even though I grew up hard and I have gracefully changed
I'm always street so I'll forever be facing a change
And I'll keep the slang brutained on the waist of my pants
And I demand respect from all if not then I'm wasting a man
And if I want it, then I get, and if I need it, I have it
Take care of them family first, plus the liquor and weed is a habit
And ever so often I'm congratulated for the succeeding at last
But when they turn they back I just have Jesus leading my path
And I ain't ask for you to like me, I don't care if you hate me
But don't mistake me, no other man can never make me or break me
Now I be faithfully inspired by the hood til I'm gone
And I dawg I do believe I'm grown so I'll be good on my own, but I be like

(Chorus) - 4x

Believe Dat

***

TRACK: Shine

[Wayne]
What, wha, wha, wha, wha
What, wha, wha, wha, wha
Cash Money Millionaires
Bout to take it there

[Juvenile]
Yellow Viper, yellow Hummer, Yellow Benz
Yellow PT Cruiser, yellow 'Lac on rims
Drop yellow 'Vette and a platinum Rolls Royce
That's seven different cars, everyday I got a choice
On my way to pick up Joyce, she be making me moist
Giving me head while she humming, she can play with her voice
And she got nice thighs, a big plump ass
She could ride a dick too, make me cum fast
I like them modeling bitches, I love them swallowing bitches
Where them hoes headed at? I'm 'bout to follow them bitches (let's go)
I know you with your folks, but that nigga is broke
You might as well open your legs up and let a nigga poke
I'm a show you what it is not to be a window shopper
Mama you can have Fendi, mama you can have Prada
All you gotta do is break a nigga off proper
You could be with your man, I ain't tryna stop ya

[Hook: Mannie Fresh]
(Shine) - From my head down to my shoes
(Shine) - Skritin' on twenty-two's
(Shine) - Check my baby mamma
(Shine) - Whip Rovers, not Hondas
(Shine) - I'mma spend it 'til it's gone
(Shine) - Don't know when I'm coming home
(Shine) - Pop X and drank Cris'
(Shine) - My life is the shit

[Lil Wayne]
And the name be fire Wayne, ice and change
You can catch me in an aqua range, squatting things
With them twenty-two inch chopper blades
Diamond face, diamond brace
More colors than the game Simon Says
Go, 'hind me
And mami on forty-fifth she told me "I'm a lez"
And she ain't like too much of dick
But give the bombest head, and so I took it anyway
But bitch I got fam, don't need your pussy anyway
OK, let's talk about this ice that I'm carryin'
All these karats like I'm a fucking vegetarian
Niggas play, I bury them, y'all already knowin'
I threw up my arm and bitches thought it started snowin'
See I'm a keep it going, Big Tymin, you heard's me?
Dog I got cake like everyday my birthday
Wait, I don't think they heard me
I say dog I got cake like everyday my birthday

[Hook]

[B.G.]
I'mma Hot Boy, that's name brand and top of the line
Ride fly daily, all year 'round I shine
Ain't a nigga and they mama gonna stop me dog
Come through on dub-deuces, they jock me dog
Glock cocked for haters tryna block me dog
Catch 'em solo, they geezy, don't shock me dog
Well get the fuck, slide on out the way
And let B.G. ease down the shinin' linen
Let the diamonds and the jewelry light shit up
Each piece of jewelry I own, I ice it up
You don't wanna put your vehicle next to us
Cause all of our vehicles, we dress 'em up
With television, Dreamcast, DVDs
Nice sounds, buttons, it's twenties
I'm a Cash Money Hot, Big Tymer nigga
That'll hold a pinky finger up and blind ya nigga
(Ewww!)

[Hook]

[Turk]
I'm a stunt 'til I die, so you better respect it
Cause whoever try testin' is gonna be resting
I'm a young millionaire, Hot Boy, Lil' Turk
Bling blinging everyday, plus I got work (bling)
Nigga like me stay in the cut twenty-four/seven
Steady stacking my ends on dubs, twenty-four/seven
Every car you wish you had, we got it, we got it
Bentleys, Hummers and Jags, big bodies, big bodies
Love to floss, no secret stunners
Niggas steady baller block, can't take nothing from us
Young nigga, living a life surrounded by ice
Hoes be like, "Damn, them boys, they're nothing nice"
They on fire, that must be them Hot Boys
You motherfucking right, you think this not girl?
Better think twice, get it right dog
Know you recognize, we got it on lock fall

[Hook] - 2x

[Mannie Fresh]
Uhh, uhh, uhh
Huh uh (oh shit)
2001 - my life is the shit, know why?
(Lemme see that)
(Im gon' shiiiiii-neee)
I'm representing, I'mma spit it (bling)
As long as they make that shit - I'mma break that shit
Ya heard me? It's like that; believe that
This year; fuck it - I said it before and I meant it
I'm buying me a city
New Mannie, Louisiana - ya bitch yooou!

***

TRACK: Jump Jiggy

We gone make 'em:

[Hook 2x]
Jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jump
Jiggy, jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jive
Jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jump
Jiggy, jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jive

(Verse 1)
I tell 'em no lie
I blow by in the Benz wit the O eyes
I low-ride, cuz these 20 inch rims just make it so hot
You know I, been had Twinkie, look at the pinky
And the link be all the way down to the nuts, diamonds twinklin'
They think you need to stop they say it's not called for
It's such a small car, but cost more than a ballpark
See my life is high priced, a lot a room a lot a bling
My ice is like Andrew Dice "Ba-Da-Boom, Ba-Da-Bing"
You'll probably see me flying in a Lamborghini
Wit your girl right beside me in a tan bikini
Cut the music down and tell her, "hey ya man's a weenie"
Plus I'm hot and got more iceberg than damn Bananeeie
And I'm just a teenager and I make this dough
Pull out my bankcard and Bill Gates feel broke
And I keep it on a hush but I'm richer than normal
And a frost bit wrist, have me sniffin and coughin (*cough*)

[Hook 2x]
Jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jump
Jiggy, jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jive
Jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jump
Jiggy, jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jive

(Verse 2)
You know me, pistol on my side fully loaded
I drive slowly, wit televisions watching Kobe
Pull over by some broad; make her hop right in a blow me
And suck a nigga drive, then its, "slut get out my ride"
Have you heard about, shorty be Iceberged out
Got them birds real affordable, so get the word out
And you still can see the grill wit the lights burn out
Nothin' lil' about the wheels on my bright orange drop
I'm thuggin and pimped out, flossin and glissed out
Sit my arm in warm water, I'm thawin my wrist out
Got quarters in this house, ki's in that van
Got ounces in her ride, and G's in that bag
Shhh, You hear that, here come Weezy on his way in a platinum leer jet
We gamblin' nigga bet, bet nigga disrespect and he get dampled and wet
Whole goddamn family get trampled wit that
I make 'em:

[Hook 2x]
Jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jump
Jiggy, jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jive
Jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jump
Jiggy, jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jive

(Verse 3)
Alright I bounce for the 17 and jump for the Grover
Just put TV's and bump in the Rover
Slump the bitch over, cum on her shoulder
Bet I make the slut eat it up like yogurt
Wrists is ferocious, dick is just bogus
Fuck a ho watch she come back like a chorus
Like one named Deloris met her in a taurus
She like to snort coke, you should see the size her nose is
We really the ones controllin', no choices
And we got Guns and Roses, Rolls Royces
Beefin' ain't fake, not to mention
All our rides are dubbed like blank tapes
I really think my jewelry and lights have somethin' in common
Cuz everytime you put them bitches on they start shinin'
The shit is mind blowin'
As a matter of fact I got a bitch that's mind blowin'
She give my head a blow job, I guess she's mind blowin'

[Hook 3 1/2x]
Jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jump
Jiggy, jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jive
Jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jump
Jiggy, jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jive

***

TRACK: Realized

[Lil Wayne: Verse 1]

What?
What?!
Look-
Okay, let's cut the crap
I'm straight gangsta - forget the rap
I only stick with that cause my ma don't wan' see me flip the crack
And I'm quick to click and spit the gat
I be dipped in black
Sip the Coke mixed with Jack - Calico, clip to match
Like: where them cats who trippin' at? - Point niggas out
Cause right now I'm full of that spinach that'll knock Lennox out
The Mack-10 is out, as well as the gauge and the pump
You turn the page on the newspaper, see my face in the front
I lock it down for all my niggas that still caged in the dump
So if I come, nigga, just save me a blade and a pump
I'm raised in the slum where the bad grow
Unlike no other, I'm real gutta like bad bowls
I stash O's in the drawers of my trash hoes
I flash dough at the laws when they pass slow
I mash low in a stolen hot RAV-4
The Macks blow bullet holes for my cash flow
Is that so?

[Hook]

[Lil Wayne]
I don't think you realize what's happenin', dog
That lil' boy's 'bout to come 'round here blastin' at y'all
If you don't get the hell when he swervin' by
That's your issue - God bless ya - you deserve to die

[Lil Wayne: Verse 2]
Look
Which one of these niggas playin' with me?
I'mma strap up and slam his parent's street
When I blast, bullets spit faster than MC Hammer beats
I be damned if he get a chance to sleep
I clamp the magazine in my gun and cut his family tree
I flash the piece at your lil' woman and make her dance for me
Then jam the freak with a broom - blood leak from her panty crease
There has to be some explanation for this insanity
Yeah, y'all niggas faker than that boy (fill in the blank)
Now give me the dank
Niggas claim they want war when I suggest you live in a tank
What's your kid gonna think?
Come home and find your wig in the sink
I dig in the bank, and pull out eighty, then cruise to Haiti
For fifty G's I get ten ki's and straight out weight it
I lock my area down - you can ask these boys
They know Weezy got more white than the Backstreet Boys
Never catch me unattatched without them plastic toys
It get drastic, boy
Niggas that's askin' for it
Weezy, nigga
It's Weezy, nigga
Who? Weezy, nigga
It's Weezy, nigga

[Hook]
[Lil Wayne]
I don't think you realize what's happenin', dog
That lil' boy's 'bout to come 'round here blastin' at y'all
And if you don't get the hell when he swervin' by
That's your issue - God bless ya - you deserve to die

[Lil Wayne: Verse 3]
I hope y'all niggas understand that I ain't playin' or jokin'
Bust shots, make you think the Grand Canyon open
Leave a busta bandana smokin' from hot hollows
Me and my niggas flip your coke, then cop hot hoes
Two pistols, desperado gun busta
Pump one under your chest and knock a lung from ya
Hung under them killers and duck the pigs
And all of our diamonds shine, and our trucks are big
And, nigga, I don't really care if I don't sell a million quick
Cause right now I'll quit and go and sell a million bricks
I sticks to what I love, and that's the street
And stay away from what I hate, and that's police
And I keep a trigga somewhere on me to start blowin'
And leave a nigga somewhere lonely with his heart showin'
When we all knowin' that Weezy have never been fake
The metal will spray and let the bullets tear up your face
Who want this Weezy, nigga? Who want this Weezy, nigga?
Weezy, nigga; Lil Weezy, nigga

[Hook-2x]
[Lil Wayne]
Say, I don't think you realize what's happenin', dog
That lil' boy's 'bout to come 'round here blastin' at y'all

[Lil Wayne talking]
It's Weezy, nigga - Lil Weezy, nigga
Don't tangle it, nigga
It's time to step down, ya heards me

***

TRACK: Tha Blues

[Lil Wayne]
Come on, come on
Come on, come on, come on, come on
Ain't nothin' nice or sweet (Huh?)
They don't even much understand this (Uh-uh)
Look-
Now when I crawl up out the Rove' I got quarters and O's
Forty-fours under my clothes, I'm drunk and blowed
And I done told them boys if they play I dump their mothers
Now they findin' niggas everyday slumped in gutters
I come through on the block strapped, bumpin' Bubba
For the summer in a bright orange pumpkin Hummer
Stumblin' from the Courvoisier, and lots of hay
And make me run in your place and take your pops away
See, they got niggas in my hood who can't cop the yay
So I can get it understood and have you chopped today
And not to say I could even hit your block and spray
And try to knock all the bone structure out your face
Stick a potato on the head of my nine, it's deadly quiet
Leave a nigga redder than swine, you damn pig
The plan is to take everything and kill 'em all
Young or old, nigga, big or small
Ain't nothin' nice

(Hook [Lil Wayne])
Ain't nothin' nice around here, stupid
Keep playin', you won't see next year, stupid
And in the van there's a box in the back full of plenty of tools
And when you see me on the block, I come to give 'em the blues

[Lil Wayne]
Look-
Now we all do dumb things
Playin' with Wayne doesn't have to be one of 'em
I'll murder his father right in front of him
None of 'em are ready for the trouble I'm 'bout
Pull up in a bubble, hop out, then let a couple pop out
I got two double Desert Eagles, bustin' at your peoples
Cussin' at polices, and roughin' up your nieces
See me just off the meters
Don't leave without the heaters
Believe this, my nina's got more shelves than Adidas
You see the slick jackin', believe it's Glocks and millimeters
Run up on your family and pop your senioritas
A lot of Hennessy, just twist that lil' baby
Damn, them hollow tips just missed that lil' baby
This is definitely, step to me, get a hysterectomy
Technically I'll murder anyone who disrespectin' me
Seventeen Carollton, mess with me, I bury one
Three-eighty, I carry one
Come to kill up everyone
What!

(Hook [Lil Wayne])

[Lil Wayne]
Everybody freeze and drop when Lil Weezy cock
And niggas be like Q-Tip cause they breathe and stop
Believe or not, the ki's ten G's a wat
Until I die apple and Eagle that be's the block
And he's so hot that four hundred degrees the spot
And weed and vodk' got me wanna beat a cop
I grease the Glock, the scope with the beam and dot
And I'm hangin' out the Beamer top releasin' shots
Follow me, everybody in the family die sourly
Niggas drop hourly ruinin' your economy
Liquor power me, now there's nothin' that can bother me
Creep up in your window while you're sleepin', take your child with me
I'm wild, and Wheezy more violent than Dennis Rodman
Slide up in a blue truck and shoot-up a whole lot of men
A lot of heat, a lot of fire, a blazer like Stoudamire
Ride around your neighborhood and you wake up with bodies by your house

(Hook [Lil Wayne])

***

TRACK: Let's Go

[Intro: Baby]
It's gravy nigga. Believe it
You hot? Fuck it. Hot as a firecracker
(It's gravy too.) I got a mac in this bag
(click clock) What you got? Glock. (Look)

[Baby]
Nigga I'mma tell ya straight off the bat
I got a mac in this bag with 20 grams of crack
And I'mma sit in the back seat of yo' 'Lac
Just in case I gotta snap, a firette to the chest
If I don't know shit, I know cars and broads
I done ordered plenty hits and watched heads come off
And I done saw my nigga get life behind them bars
To them dog hoes, nigga, we scream "fuck 'em all!"
I hustle hard in these city streets
I got my block on fire with my HB's
Spinnin' Benz in these drop tops double r
Cook a brick, flip 'em up, now I got 'em hard
And you can find me
Right up in them hallways, holdin' and totin'
Got the whole motherfuckin block loaded and smokin'
Nigga know one thang: its some uptown shit
If a nigga get it fucked, then we killin' a bitch

[Hook: Baby & Lil Wayne]
Nigga I'mma tell ya this, straight off the bat
I got a mac in this bag, with 20 grams of crack
Well let's go nigga, see we can slide nigga
Cuz if you hot, then I'm hot, let's ride nigga
Look, I'mma tell you this, straight off the top
I got a blunt, and a Glock, and a bag of rocks
Let's go nigga, let's slide nigga
If you hot, then I'm hot, let's ride nigga

[Lil Wayne]
Better pay attention now so you don't forget later
I run the damn block, I oversee all of the paper
Don't make me take ya, play ya
I cock the Glock and spray ya
Call it a caper, won't be no as-salama-laka
And J, he got the gauges, they cocked and ready
Make me run up in ya places and pop ya daddy
Got them bricks rocked and heavy, let it be known
I cook it hard and cut 'em in zones and the money be gone
Then I hit a blunt to the dome, and ride when night falls
Supply the white raw, if there's a problem, knock ya wife off
Lock the spot down
Respect it young nigga, I'm creepin' over
Now cut it with just a little bakin' soda, breakin' boulders
I take it out my holster and bakin' soldiers whenever
Nigga it's whatever, tell ya ma to call the reverend
You see me on the block with crack, gats, and weed
Rats, plats, and ki's, that's practically me

[Hook]

[Lil Wayne]
See I'm a hustler, cut-throat, put rhymes in mom's muffler
You can't even count how many times the 9's bust at ya
Some of the, niggas that you run with are, suckas bruh
None of ya, won't leave, without some bullets up in ya
Niggas can't hold me down, wodie wild
Cuz all that they can hear is loud screamin' and explosive sounds
They show me how to cook that brown and rock that white
No school, put that book back down, pick up that knife
See that's the real reason I hate to be on tour
I'd rather be back on the block with a bird of that pure
Niggas got it all wrong, thinkin' I'm all song
But yall gon' twist it and end up all gone
Dog-gone cocksuckers, you not thuggers
I pop dozens of Glocks, cousins, in my struggle
So stop frontin', it ain't gon' get ya everywhere
I'mma start bustin', and bullets hit ya everywhere

[Hook]

[Baby talks till end]

***

TRACK: Biznite

[Intro]
Biznite.Biznite..Nothing but it

[Verse 1]
I'm dippin' in a black milleny benny sittin on twentys
Top off when the city's windy me and pretty Cindy
She dressed up in pretty Fendi and she sippin remy
I'm Iceburg nothin but Whinnie all the way to my tennie
I'm hotter than a semi' cause this skirt shes wearing mini
And plus my head is spinnin from drinkin this fifth of Henny
I stop at any deli cause this freakin with her penny
And ain't no tellin how many she 'umm already been in
We get inside the room and she gigglin plain grinnin
Slowly the lights dimmin and I'm slippin on my jimmy
I'm feelin with her titties this is only the beginnin
I stick it in her kitty now she screamin come on gimme
I'm flippin this chick over and I caught her slowly bendin
I'm hittin got her twistin this is my ninny you hear me
And when its time to quit I got her soakin wet and drippin
She asked me for a kiss ah..

[Hook #1]
Biznite is you trippin
Biznite is you trippin
What
Biznite is you trippin
What
Biznite is you trippin
He he he Wha..
You nothin but a sack chasin cock tastin biznite
Your never gonna amount to anythin but a biznite
'cuz all I wanna do is hit it raw I don't even wanna talk
If your baby come born with braids I ain't the pa
Nope I ain't the pa
Hell no I ain't the pa
No I ain't the pa
Hell no I ain't the pa
Nope I ain't the pa
Hell no I ain't the pa
If your baby come out saying wha.. I ain't the pa

[Verse 2]
I ride up in a Porsche Boxter see this fox her name was Tasha
I got her when I stopped her at McDonalds with her partner
I jocked the way she rocked her lil Versasce and her Prada
I'm Iceburg or Bahama from bottom to collar
I jot her my phone number later on gave me a holla
I popped up by her mamas so her nigga won't know nada
She took thirty minutes play me like a some kinda coward
Now hopped up in my car and started talkin bout her doctor
She said she started ridin it in her babys fathers Honda
She wish that he would trade it in and cop a brand new Mazda
I'm drivin to the label to the back and put the top up
I roll down all the windows put the car in function "watch the"
I tried to touch her thigh she moved my hand and said ah ah bro
It took five minutes to bang then you know she propper
I'm knockin out her brains
We got the car shakin' and rocklin'
She asked me for a kiss ah

[Hook #2]
Biznite whats your problem
Wha..
Biznite whats your problem
Wha..
Biznite whats your problem
Wha
Biznite whats your problem
Wha
You nothin but a sack chasin cock tastin biznite
Your never gonna amount to anythin but a biznite
'cuz all I wanna do is hit it raw I don't even wanna talk
If your baby come born with braids I ain't the pa
Nope I ain't the pa
Hell no I ain't the pa
No I ain't the pa
Hell no I ain't the pa

[Verse 3]
There was this stupid name was Lucy came up to me at the movies
Said she just saw Balla Blockin and thought that I was cute
And but you and baby too can still come over early Tuesday
I just bought a new mansion just finished it and my movie
I knew she was a new from head to shoulder she was Gucci
And me I'm Iceberg Tom and Jerry, Daffy and Goofy
She say "oo" it would be so nice and usually she would do it
But lately she been spooked her boo just come from institution
I say that's cool cuz I don't really wanna have to shoot him
I gave the braud the pager number and said that she should use it
As soon as I flew by in that navy and baby blue six
She beeped and left a message that she come up with a solution
I scootin a run through straight to my house I won't be foolish
She had no bathin suit and then want me to see her booty
I oozed it in her coochie when she got in my Jacuzzi
She asked me for a kiss ah

[Hook #3]
Biznite is you stupid
Biznite is you stupid
What
Biznite is you stupid
What he he he why?
Because your nothin but a sack chasin cock tastin biznite
Your never gonna amount to anythin but a biznite
'cuz all I wanna do is hit it raw I don't even wanna talk
If your baby come born with braids I ain't the pa
Nope I ain't the pa
Hell no I ain't the pa
No I ain't the pa
Hell no I ain't the pa
No I ain't the pa
Hell no I ain't the pa
If your baby come out saying wha.. I ain't the pa
You're a sack chasin cock tastin biznite
Your never gonna amount to anythin but a biznite
'cuz all I wanna do is hit it raw I don't even wanna talk
If your baby come born with braids I ain't the pa
Nope I ain't the pa
Hell no I ain't the pa
No I ain't the pa
Hell no I ain't the pa
Nope I ain't the pa
Hell no I ain't the pa
If your baby come out throwin up "W"'s I ain't the pa nigga
HMMMMMMMM-
HMMMMMMMMM
I ain't the pa
HMMMMMMMM-
HMMMMMMM
Ion wanna talk

***

TRACK: Act a Ass

[Intro x3]
Act a ass wit it, back ya ass with it

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
You know them hoes love Weezy, say he cute, small, long hair, big dick
Weezy bring to y'all, don't y'all lip quit
Put your lips on this dick, let me get on some livin'
Spit all over ya chin, Weezy be on some pimp shit
I see 'em, peep 'em, meet 'em, beep 'em, later on if she ride
G 'em, freak 'em, by the weekend she be fuckin' the squad
I ain't got no loves for broads, I ducks and dodge
I grab 'em on their butts and all
She fucks my dog, slut sucks nuts and all, and nothin' small
This dick make 'em hit the floor and touch the wall
Call my hoes defensive linemen, cause they rush the balls
Let Weezy bust they jaws (blurrrpp)
Never have no picks and chooses, I hits and lose 'em
And go to the hotel and switch for ruggy
Like a hot, spicy, fire, project girl to thug with me
I'm so gangsta prissy chicks don't wanna fuck wit me

[Hook: Lil Wayne & B.G]
[Lil Wayne]
Titty bop, drop it like it's hot, make it fall slow
Now walk wit me, shake a leg, catch the wall ho
Ya gotta back ya ass wit, act a ass wit it
Gotta back ya ass wit, act a ass wit it
[B.G.]
A c'mon, tear it down, catch the wall
Get naked, show me some
Tear that dick down bitch, start buggin and
And bungee jumpin'
[Both]
Ya gotta back ya ass wit it, act a ass wit it
Ya gotta bend ya ass wit it, act a ass wit it

[Verse 2: B.G]
That's right, act a fool bitch, do what you do, ho
After I finish, don't get up, gotta let Weezy go
You get your props your pussy fire, girl you a pro
So when I'm speakin' I'm creepin' and come get some mo'
You better recognize, you better realize
This is the nigga Geezy, I ain't nothin' nice
Love when you reach out, grab, stuff it straight your mouth
Start suckin 'til that middle come out
Ride me (ride me), put that dick inside you (inside you)
After that wiggle your ass gimmie that loose-loose
I'm a donkey, better yet a veteran
At the same time I can fuck you and your best friend
The Number 1 Stunna, Baby he raised me
Pumped in my head - never let a bitch play me
Always get the clique, make you fuck 'em all
Wrap a chain 'round ya neck and walk it like a dog

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
See me, Lil Wayne I put that dick down, biznites can't even walk, can't even sit down
Wipe your mouth off and let me hit now
That Rum got me feelin' real good
The dick hard like real wood
I put it in slow and work it real good
This Lil nigga have a lot a sex, so do me slow, get out the Prada dress
I Come when you wanted to like private jets
I'm on blast ma', why you take it slower than its fast time
Flip ya back over, make that ass right
Weezy make ya suck it then taste, that's how the pimp play
Make her friend eat me and this bitch up like shrimp plates
Bouncing in the club rollin' on X, eyes pitch black
I got 2 more 'nites is you wit that
Fuck it let's go, we pop a bottle of the Moe'
Drop the top part of the 'Dro
Later on I'm touchin' the throat, bad wit it
Where them hot girls that like that nasty shit
Make them act a ass wit it, back ya ass wit it

[Hook]

***

TRACK: Beef

[Lil Wayne]
Check
Huh
What?
What?
Let's go, nigga (Where you at, Wheezy?)

You liable to catch me speedin' up the six, or beatin' up a chick
Or standin' over a stove, sweatin', heatin' up a brick
And we keep the hustlin' slick, and got clips like bananas
We twist the bandanas, and spit at niggas with cannons
We ran in habitats with masks and plastic gats
Stormin' through the house, screamin', "Where's this bastard's crack?!!"
I flash the mack in front of your gal and make her tell
Like, "Slut! Where's the yay, or I'mma pop one in your grill!"
It's Lil Wayne, nigga - blast and bang triggas
Pay with my change, then I'm gon' have to bang niggas
I bag the caine quicker, and sprinkle like rain, nigga
Flood the av quick with the quarters and halves, nigga
If you out, you can find me on the street with the work
If it's a drought, you can find me on the street with the work
Never slip - I empty half a clip deep in your shirt
And put your whole clique deep in the dirt
Smell me?

(Hook-2x [Lil Wayne])
Who wan' beef with 'em?
Who wan' creep with 'em?
And when it comes down to guns, nigga, I sleep with 'em
See, we can sweep with 'em cause it get deep with 'em
And when it comes down to drugs, I'm on the streets with 'em

[Lil Wayne]
Look
I'm the youngest Hot Boy on the field with heaters
Let my nine-millimeters kill your peoples
Bust up in your house and put the gun to lil' Renita
Give me the yay, or else I'mma put her in her sneakers
Wow (wow, wow) you can catch me in all black with no smile
Me, Turk, Geezy, and 'Nile - chicka-POW!
How come these niggas keep burnin the world?
And why the hell this nigga Wheezy keep firmin your girl?
Turnin the wheel on the orange and teal Bentley drop
Then I'mma put that up and hop in the van and hit your block
Tell your mom to get the cops cause y'all gon' need 'em
When you see them bullets that my Glock pop, y'all gon' eat 'em
See this for all my niggas in the pen, I hope for freedom
And this for all my niggas buyin bricks, I got 'em cheaper
Keep a nigga quiet as a mouse when I come
Wayne #1 Hot Boy, hot as the sun - ya smell me?

(Hook [Lil Wayne])
Who wan' beef with 'em?
Who wan' creep with 'em?
And when it comes down to guns, nigga, I sleep with 'em
See, we can sweep with 'em cause it get deep with 'em
And when it comes down to drugs, I'm on the streets with 'em

Who wan' beef with 'em?
Who wan' creep with 'em?
Cause when it comes down to guns, nigga, I sleep with 'em
See, we can sweep with 'em cause it get deep with 'em
And when it comes down to drugs, I'm on the streets with 'em

[Lil Wayne]
Nasty case, nigga run up in your crib, crash the place
Mask the face, automatic attach to waist
You bastards play? Then it get awful and bad
There will be no more walkin for dad, and it's off with your head
And they gon' either get it right, or they get it at night
And when they spit, it lick his ass twice like 20 damn dice
Henny and ice is what I prefer, but light on the rocks
I pack them clips tight on them Glocks and light up your block
And if there's coke involved, then your throat's involved
I get the toaster and roll up and smoke most of y'all
Me and my nigga, Super Sosa, run up in your crib
While your grandma watchin Oprah, jag her up and rope her
If you wan' grudge, chances slim like Ethiopia
If you want drugs, I got more flavors than Fruitopia
Recognize it's real and nothing other than that
Cause one from the mac'll have blood coverin your back, ha?

(Hook-4x [Lil Wayne])
Who wan' beef with 'em?
Who wan' creep with 'em?
Cause when it comes down to guns, nigga, I sleep with 'em
See, we can sweep with 'em cause it get deep with 'em
And when it comes down to drugs, I'm on the streets with 'em

[Lil Wayne]
Who wan' beef with a nigga? Creep with a nigga?
When it comes down to guns, look, I sleep with them triggas

---

WORK: 500 Degreez

***

TRACK: Fly Talkin'

Ladies and Gentleman
We've got a young man tonight that started out with Cash Money
And gonna finish with Cash Money
Ya'll know him as Lil Weezy
Off the Heezy, Fo Sheezy
Better believe me
And he is, Birdman Junior
500, 500, 500, Degreez, please
Ain't that some lovely shit? Bitch
Keep coughin, he cough too much
Wipe em down, I wipe em down
It's 500 motherfucker

I tell you, this summer is on lockdown
Handlin' business, taking care of baby mammas
Takin' care of bustas, takin' care of pimps

I love them hoes, I love them hoes
I pimp a bitch, 500 Degreez nigga

***

TRACK: Look at Me

[Hook]
Bright thing on my hand saying (Look at me)
I got your girl doing a handstand (Look at me)
Cop them 28-inch Birdman's (Check out me)
Y'all dudes money too young
Bright thing on my hand saying (Look at me)
I got your girl doing a handstand (Look at me)
Cop them 28-inch Birdman's (Check out me)
Big thighs with brown-eyes

[Verse 1]
It's Lil Weezy for real
Only Cash Money Hot Boy that stood still
I got a good deal
I'm from a trill hood
I smoke real good
Slide on them skinnies in the bike with an ill hood
Pipes, rally stripes and fog lights
T-shirt white, three stripes with all ice
What that boy name
Birdman Jr., huh
Four was mild but five is so wild
I can smoke a green mile
Got a chrome need a Rolls shined up for you baby
Bling-blow, I rock a throwback Jordan 23
Rolling on hot 23's
Tote a big Glock 23
You're looking at the seventeen ward of New Orleans
My block living me
I want you to look hard at some easy money
Stop playing this is Weezy company
Uh-huh

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
I'm the son of Cash Money
The fodd of the squad
And Baby bout to buy me a house in the sky
Cuz I'm so fly
When my feet touch the ground sometimes I gotta ask myself why
Coupe kinda wide but I move sorta quick
Looking for my roof where it went
Mink on the floor big shoes on the bed
Windows are the tint more wood than a bench
Working in the hood more green than the Grinch
Please don't play cuz I'm connected like Sprint
Ladies on the tray popping up the back-end
Peppermint leather with a feather in my brim
It's Lil Weezy
Somethin' on my wrist real breezy
And this is what I say when you see me
Look, and leave your broad at home she get took
Cuz I'm a player hold the game by the book

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Some call me Weezy
But hoes holla look at Lil Wayne
In that booger-green lay like should've been Mace
Sweet, do speak when I should've put trays
Forget it I'mma slam it on bubba-bubba-blaze
So move over what you say shortie
We could do rent pussy
Normally I wouldn't but beating through the Texas
And beating went to the A
Eat with Jazze Pha
But yeah I'm on my way
Cuz I know he got that hay
Hey little mami
You a ghetto fire tin
You come to my post on the island
Come on that chronic
He-he empty vodka bottles
I be high he be drunk that my roll model
I rolls by you with my seat reclining
When I stop rims don't keep spinning they keep shining
Money don't stop keep spinning and keep grinding
Cash Money what you hollering, huh

[Hook]

***

TRACK: Way of Life

[Intro: Mannie Fresh]
Look right here, this how we gon do this
Hook up the turn tables, whoof get on the keyboard
And we gon run this for you, ya heard?
Yeah, check it out

[Female]
Cash Money...
Cash Money...
Cash Money...
Cash Money...

[Lil Wayne]
Ay, let me slide in the Benz with the fished-out fins
Hit the mall wit my girlfriends, dish out ends
Cause you know it ain't trickin if you got it
Copped baby girl what she desired
It's chump change ma, marijuana scholar
Know'n what I got up in my styrofoam cup - that purple stuff
It was given to me at birth to stun
So that's why I cop the Bentley with the leather and the furry cups

[Baby]
Hey, hold on mami them whips on dubs
Cadillac Truck, 28's, no rubs
Slide in the Benz, fins, bubble-eyed lens
Car show in New York, y'all know who wins
It's the Birdman daddy, with the Gucci Prada
Slant back Cup Truck, no rims - can't holla
It's that Louie Fendi on Ostrich streets
It's the tailor-made daddy, mami do you love me?

[Hook: TQ]
Baby, I'm a stunna
I ain't gon change it
Don't.. you.. know.. it's a way of life?
Mami, do you want it?
Cause I'm about to bring it
Oh baby, can't stop the stun, no, no

[Baby]
Pop one, pop two with the new Nike shoes
Royal blue jag on 'em 22's
Slippers, white to breate, 500 Degreez
In that Cadillac Truck on 'em 23's
I'm the boss of the game with the money and fame
All these, naked women that pop champagne
And these, marble floors stay high as Rick James
If you know my name then you know my game

[Lil Wayne]
It's Lil Whodi from the hot block with serious flow
Gotta get dough, cha'll won't feel me broke
But, y'all don't hear me though
Til I'm rolling down my window where my grill is show
And you know I probably pump it through the hood on them 24's
Word, rims poking out the side of the err
Glock, have ya ribs poking out the side of your shirt
I'm a 17 nigga and I ride through the turf

[Hook]

[Lil Wayne]
Hey, and my pinky glow cause my rings is so...
Blingy blingy, yo stop blinking though
We smoke stinky stinky dro
And we don't cop them incy wincy o's
And we don't stop, nah, we blow
Fuck the pee-ple
Everywhere we go we smell like ick yo
Birdman, my Paw so that make me go.. fly like an eagle, fasheezy

[Baby]
See they think cause I stay English turn
That stunna don't ever OZ to burn
I go in each over and ball like a dog
Me and my niggs ball like a dog
Cars on my streets, all on the lawn
Ice in my teeth, all on my arm
Tats in my face, my back and my arm

[Lil Wayne]
Tats in my face, my back and my arm

[Hook]

[Outro: Mannie Fresh]
Yo, there it is, ya lil' low life
See, I'm a Bro-fessional - you a rookie
Fuck, a game so serious I could sell a hooker some pussy
That's some serious shit
Oh yeah, believe that
Who we rollin wit?
We rollin wit Cash Money
Oh, I forgot about peace - Peace!
I mean.. piece of pussy, piece of land, piece of property
Just a mind game
Piece of mind, ya know
Piece of something, motherfucker!

***

TRACK: Big Tigger Live on The Radio

The lyrics for this song have yet to be transcribed.

***

TRACK: Gangstas and Pimps

[Mannie Fresh]
Ladies and gentlemen
This one goes out to that little kid that got fried Spam for lunch
I feel for you, I'm with you, I'm with you brother
And this one right here is for that ghetto girl with the bad perm
That just burn baby, burn baby, burn
Pop open a malt liquor
Smoke something until your scalp gets killed

[Hook x2]
Gangstas and pimps
Love lobsters and shrimps
Kool-Aid and chicken
Flashy things and women
All I need
Is Remy and weed
Somebody not afraid
To co-sign for my Escalade

[Lil Wayne]
I'm just pimping
Baby you got a rule for me
Put your mink on and slide in a cool for me
Hey you gotta get high and go low for me
It's Cash Money young money never know money
It's 500 Degreez it's not fool
But it and the dro got me so scummy
And to drum hole a whole hundred
Can I put a whole hundred in your whole tummy
Hehe, man Weezy's a legend
You can tell by the bottom of my sleeve when you see what's in a bezel
And he be on a level that's so terrific
I'm in this bitch hold your pictures
And hold your bitches cuz she gon want a part of me
Cuz she never see the roof of my car with me
And you never see a tooth without a diamond on it
This is game at its finest homie
Peep it

[Hook]

[Baby]
See I was born from a gangsta
Pa gave me a whip
Ran numbers with pimps and I laid down cents
One of a kind Birdman I shine
22's on it?
The bitch ain't mine
I taught her the game ma
I gave it all to her
Weezy Wee my son I give it all to him
[Lil Wayne]
The Birdman junior I'm the son of a stunna

[Baby]
Mannie Fresh
Jazze Phezzy this our summer
500 Degreez got rich off the four
Cadillac slant back cut side elbow
Cadillac smoke dro just me and the ho
Flash from hard times from that coke and dope
Put cars in moms name just to duck white folks
We eat lobster and shrimp
Nigga park that Lambo
I'm a V.I.P. nigga
Pop bottles of Mo
I pray that one day I'll open a better door

[Hook]

[Lil Wayne]
Ain't no mountain high enough
To me for cuz I keep on buying fi-fi stuff
And the Eastside where we pump
It's my part of New Orleans
Bleed for ya I'm the heart of New Orleans
Hear you're fucking with a gangsta foe
Hope you never close your eyes I'll bang your ho
All she need is some guidance I'll tame your ho
It's big pimping over here man yeah man
If she looking for a daddy see the lil man
Weezy Baby, don't fool yourself you need me baby
Easy baby, I'm just trying to keep my bread cheesy baby
Slick when I spit shit right
26-inch got a deep-dish ma
Sweet as mami lips when I'm creeping by
Baby gave me wings just to keep me fly
Weezy I, hell yeah
And I'm rolling with them

[Hook x2]

***

TRACK: Lovely

[Verse 1]
I love myself I love what I am I love who I is I love Weezy
Lil girl your man your damn kids love Weezy
You gotta love the nigga just because other nigga
And I don't love other niggas But I love other niggas bitches
I love 20-inches on everything I sit in
I love my nappy hair I love the shit I wear
You gotta love the squad-ad girl
If she ain't giving love to the whole squad-ad get outta here
You people love the shit I pop in your ear
You gon love the shit I do to hip-hop this year
You gonna love when I bring it back to the block this year
I represent the Biggie and 'Pac era; you gotta love me
That I know ma love me just cause I got a lot of money
But I love that girl too, but I love that girl too
I let y'all know me and I would love to know you now come on

[Hook x2]
Everything that I love in this world
Has gotta be the greatest thing in this world if I love it cause, I love this, I love that, I love y'all because
Everything in this world is just love

[Verse 2]
I know you probably love the bar, right
You love to live that big dog life
You love to live just like a young'n Weezy by here
And I love to see you do so I love my Coupe blow on them deuce-o's
I love a cute ho and you probably love her all right, girl
He probably love you all your life I love you all night, girl I love an all white pearls
Six with the two pipes barrel kit I love to get it cracking in your girl lips
I love to sip from bill I love to go hard purp-pill
You love that I'm a star and got that work still
Don't get it fucked because I love to work still
And you won't love how the hurt feel
How getting murked feel And I love how getting hurt feel I know you love I got some of it on your shirt ee-yew I need to treat you
As a matter fact I love to cheat you
Don't call me cool Hey, you love me and I love to love you

[Hook x2]

[Verse 3]
I love fast cars I love fast broads I love fast money I love Cash Money
I love a slow cigar I love a slow menage
What you love blower hard
Let's get it cracking money I love to stack my money
You will love to jack my money I love to clap-clap and black-black get back here honey
I love act a plumb-ass when I had a tall glass And that bust your ass in one gulp
I love to shit talk
You love to hear me talking shit on this When Fresh dropping that nasty shit
That old uptown get down CMB classic shit I like to ride around with a plastic fifth
I love to melt ya I love them underground S-Q albums
Haters love to get you twisted But I love the haters cause haters just love twisted
Them bitches love Weezy
My bitch gon love me when I'm busy With T-Rez fleece suit is Jayo nothing busy Squad up

[Hook x4]

***

TRACK: Gangsta Shit

[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Uh-oh, uh-oh
You know how we do it
Weezy and Petey, baby
Ya'know
This here is 500 Degreez
Holla at 'em dogg

[Verse 1: Petey Pablo]
Cuz I know I ain't dreaming
I swear to God it sound like Petey Pablo on that track with Lil Weezy
Switching it up
Fuck it put them things on the truck
What's the name of y'all jeweler tell 'em freeze me up
Hating me kinky licks talking so much
Lemme give these sons of bitches a reason to keep it talking
You want to
You ain't built to squabble with us
I come to your show with heat homes and run on your bus
I drink your water up
Cool off I'm leaving with something
They leaving you something crop stolen
An asshole heard it
Hip on purpose
Dre I did what you told me
I been acting like I don't hear ya but that shit been working
Keep me a burner
Poison that I grab in the morning
Cuz I know that that's what's gon hold me down on this earth
A real nigga trill nigga pull out and get debated
I keep waiting
I hear your name in the papers

[Hook: Lil Wayne & Petey Pablo]
They call me Young Ass Weezy
I'm gon' round up the whole uptown
We gon burn this bitch down to the ground
People understand that you're fucking with some motherfucking soldiers
Crazy-ass Petey
I'mma tell a nigga just like this
If you want it boy you sure can get it
You ain't heard
It's Cash Money and that Carolina nigga

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
They call me Gangsta Gangsta
Weezy, Weezy
Lil Birdman junior
Holla at ya nigga
I fuck around and throw a bottle at you nigga
I'mma big pimp I throw a model at you nigga
Squad-ad squad up throw up the motto at you niggas
You can mind up I throw a hollow at you nigga
And I'm so high
No I'm too high
But a little work on a few blocks
And I put a few skirts on a few blocks
If you dirt you feel the burst from a few blocks
Oh lordy there nobody like me shortie
I hold Cash Money myself it's me money
Old cats wants to test come see shortie
I got it all hot it in the pocket I'll pop it
I'm riding in a 'Rarri, but the top is in my pocket
That's Young Weezy Baby

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
You see it's Young Wayne
Game is ashamed and they say he's a pain
He is crazy deranged
Put them blades on his thing
Just like 80 to summer
So, when the sun hit it look like Baby or something
So, when I come through the ladies praise me or something
Like, Weezy's the man
If you be's where he be's then you leaves with a tan
Cuz he's 500 Degreez
I need a fan, whew
Cool me off wipe me down
Daddy is back in town
With the back of my Caddy slanted down
And the MAC goes black if you ask around
Put some hash in that grass that you pass around
Then I stash a pound by my ave with rounds
I'm a gangsta until they put my casket down
You can ask around
And they tell you like me
There ain't nobody like me
It's Weezy Baby

[Hook]

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
Ayo see this right here is Young Weezy, nigga
Don't get it tangled and twisted
I'm in the studio right now nigga
With my boy
My nigga Boo in this bitch
My nigga hot boy album ya'know what I mean
500 Degreez
They all riding with ya boy
Fi-Fi
They gotta feel me
Birdman Junior, number one stunna my partner
You know the name, bitch

***

TRACK: Big Tigger Live on The Radio #2

(Big Tigger)-a u lockdown ta the south to W.B.I.T.C.H were the w stands fo wahh!!! hit us at 180-nobitch wut happenin
{Caller)-hello
{Big Tigger}-yo
{caller}-yeh man check this shit out I went to the concert last night u know the after party and the niggas put on rashed's shit
{Big Tigger}-Roc master rashed?
{caller}yeah u know wut I mean ain't nobody move noboby did shit but when they put Wayne's shit on everybody u know tvs fell down mutha f**kin helicopters come from the f**kin sky twirlin an shit niggas throwin money every goddamn were but u know rashed mandat nigga u know put countryness in rappin he want ta save the whales dosomethin from the f**kin earth
{Big Tigger}-yeah he ain't bringin that heat like 500 degreezdats wut we got right heh wit lil wayne and cash money caller 2 get up out ahh heh

***

TRACK: Bloodline

[Verse 1]
The streets make the hustlas
Hustlas make the world go round
The world is made of keys, ounces and pounds
The keys, ounces and pounds is made from hustlas
See how shit come back round for ya
Gotta cop it, chop it and cook it
See how shit come back round for ya
Gotta kick in the oven now watch it bubble
And you can knock on my door
But you can't knock the hustle
But I- it's like a game of twenty-one and I got nineteen
And my J butter put more 'd' on me
Lil Weezy Wee gon eat that's how it is
Got insurance on the floor man I'm that positive
And I'm shaggy in the saggy lens
Me an my squad in the paddy wagon tally Benz
And you know I put the mags on that
.45 mack with the flash on that
Who want it
Everybody sing along

[Hook x2]
Now I'mma ride cuz I got riding in my bloodline
And I'mma shine cuz I got shining in my bloodline
I get that dough cuz I got hustle in my bloodline
I bleed concrete

[Verse 2]
And when I move, I move out with the raw
I move out with the squad
To his album we ride we so mob
I throw lives and lowest to live
For my loaf of bread the people's player
I did what the culture said
And I live by La Costra Nostra said
Fuck around I'll knock your shoulder from your head
Get it right I'm a soldier till I'm dead
This kid is white with buttonholes inside that bled
I'm pumping o's with lots of hay
I'm so high and really I don't even know why
And oh I just go buy a whole house
And lay my mat down lay her back down
But I never put my mack down
You see the thug in me
You know Weezy he the young son of Bubba-B
Buy my basketball shorts with a thunder B
If you want it then come to me
I'm right here

[Hook x2]

[Verse 3]
I'm G'd up
Only follow the code of the streets
Live bad to die good
Know how to move when hustling by the days with no food
But just so I can eat
And ain't it a bitch
And if you see me getting fat I'm probably getting rich
And you probably can see me for some crack before six
And after that it's all bricks
A fake and my palm is wrapped around this eight
And my arm because the dirty south is straight Vietnam
I skate with the bomb
I'm asking you don't play with me at all
Shots hit your ass and make three of y'all
It'll take three of y'all to fill one of my shoeprints
Cuz I did and do shit that's better than new shit
Fit for two clips
The kid is a nuisance
Awww man, he's inspired by his own gangsta music
And the Blueprint
Cruising through stoop with the ewe lit
Like ooh shit this is more than weed, it's 500 Degreez

[Hook x2]

***

TRACK: Where You At

[Hook]
All my niggas if you with me
Where you at? (oh!)
All my soldiers if you with me
Where you at? (oh!)
All my hustlers if you with me
Where you at? (oh!)
Where you at? (oh!)
Where you at? Say (oh!)
Niggas if you with me
Let me hear you say (oh!)
Soldiers if you with me
Let me hear you say (oh!)
Hustlers if you with me
Let me hear you say (oh!)
Say, say (oh!)
Say, say (oh!)

[Verse 1]
Aye (Oh!)
I come and do my thang and hold down my side
Eagle Street man throw my set up high
Weezy we gang call them boys that squad
That squad, squad up! you know
And we get a lot of dough on the strength of me
Get a lotta dro on the strength of Fee
Get a lot of blow
But keep that on the D
D what?...DL! you know
And oh you don't wanna fuck with a nigga
'Cuz a nigga might fuck with the trigger
Leave a nigga on the floor
Truly I don't buck with you nigga
Let my tooly talk, talk to you nigga
Bitch man is an itch to a rich man whoa
'20s on the six with the kicks sitting low
Sticky in my swish man gasoline floor
Fire spit man Weezy is about to blow
Ya know!

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
Aye (oh!)
Pass the pine to the pimp old juice killer
Catch your eye in one glimpse old school with the
Ass up high the front dip drip bam
Mami like damn, Lil Wayne stop playing
Baby I'm a baller I hustle with my father
It's the Birdman and Birdman Jr
I flip them birds man eighteen grand just order
Eighty-five for half and forty-five for quarter
Yeah! Tity baby put it in the air
I'm jumping out this atmosphere
And I'm jumping in your bitch if she had a player
Jumping in the painted thing on them dang-a-dangs
You see the arm when I pass nigga bang-a-lang
You now I'm armed we can mash man it ain't a thing
You know I'm calm but I'm a gorilla ain't a game
I got a banana clip for all you orangutans
Let's bang!

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Aye (oh!)
It's young Weezy can't none see me dawg
I get you done easy with one easy phone call
And the sawed-off make your arms fall off
Like a short sleeved polo, won't bother me no more
Ice like strobe light, look like I'm moving slow mo'
Ferrari look nice on low pro Yokohomas
With '20 inch chromes poking out 'em
Chrissy till the dome tote the ganja
Red-bone in the shower
Hello! Pocahontas give a long stroke poke for hours
Floating vagina hoe, I'mma holla
Sold coke in the '90s, I'm honest man
Nothing big maybe ounces, grams
But I know how to double, and sometimes it's scams
But I know to hustle, and some Glocks'll jam
But I know how to bust 'em, and some drops'll slam
All alloy buttons that's all stunting
That boy's something
Yeah!

[Hook]

***

TRACK: Worry Me

[Hook]
You gotta walk like a (soldier)
Talk like a (stunna)
Move like a (player)
And get it like a (hustler)
You gotta walk like a (soldier)
Talk like a (stunna)
Move like a (player)
And get it like a (hustler)
Because I won't let y'all worry me
I got something chrome that I carry with me
It's Young Weezy Wee y'all ain't scaring me
I'm the seventeen don till they bury me

[Verse 1]
Eh, it go whoa oh me oh my ay ay
I'm H-O-T-B-O-Y ay ay
I'm so fly I'm the Birdman Jr
Stunting in the gray uh
Shortie play your player
Slick clean hey ya
Fifteen riding with me spray ya
You don't want no drama with me play fa
Keep low or it's murda she wrote pussy nigga
I gotta keep it cooking cuz the streets still hot for a shooking
Plus my late pops still looking
Bust my tray quick if ya hate the pimp
Think it's all big fish I don ate the shrimp
Roll out with the hood cuz I'm so damn street
I rep Hollygrove and Hollygrove rep me
And that's how Weezy Wee be
And y'all gon R-E-S-P-E-C-T me

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
I'm riding and I'm dolo on my way to the stizzo
Knowing on my waist is the sizzo
Weezy so hot Glock ten and a pistol
Big rims with the tires thin as a pencil
Mami want me cuz I got pimping potential
I stick to my mental
Don't make me stick my fifth to your temple
Forget I'm getting rich for a cent
Bitch I'm coming get you for my baby mama's rent I will flip you
90 on the highway seeing what the whip do
Cops get behind me they want see the whip too
S-Q professor C-M-B alumni
Everybody else fails except the young guy
Don't worry bout Weezy for real nigga I done mine
Got the biggest nuts up in here nigga I swung mine
The streets taught me never to fear nigga I run mine
I can't lose cuz I won mine
Now run yourself

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
I got five drinks with me
And there be four chunks of dro up in my lung pipe
Three guns
Two bitches
And all I need is one knife
And I bet you don't like
C'mon we only get one life
And if it's done right
Freak a nigga might wife her
You know S-Q galore low chop three striper
I'm just trying to keep paper
Please, don't be a hater cuz he'll take ya Weeze
Don't be a major cuz he greater
Cheese gon feed Nate
Brother it's keys or emceeing
And I'm a C-O-A cuz I can move yay
Like you never thought hard or soft like a duck
And y'all don't starve me
That shit could be bad for your heartbeat
Cash'll get you snatched in a heartbeat
Mash in a mad dash in a Cadillac with the alligator dashboard
Damn whore
Yeah I know

[Hook]

***

TRACK: 500 Degreez

[Lil Wayne talking]
It's the real shit, yeah
500 Degreez this time biotch
Yes sir, you already know

[Lil Wayne verse 1]
You see me? I eat, sleep, shit, and talk snaps; so fuck rap
Man I got weed, pills, pistols, all crack
Bitch niggas where ya hearts at?
Ya'll ain't stuntin' like us
Bitch niggas where ya cars at?
They like, "Wayne why the fuck you dressed in all black?"
I'm about to bring CMR back
And all the lames, we done lost that
And all we got is Weezy, Weezy, and Lil' Weezy to fall back
I'm about to lock it from the summer to the fall and back
"Its Weezy baby!" The ballers back
And the wheels on my car you got all of that
Stop playing, I've been balling jack
You don't want my Glock spraying - I hit all them cats
You don't want my stomach ache - I shit on them cats
I get all them gats - Fresh and B it's all a rap!
If I'm the only Hot Boy what do you call that?

[Hook]
You don't want to fuck with Weezy
You don't want to fuck with Weezy

[Lil Wayne]
Bitch what? I'll bust ya ass up
Don't even go there round
Niggas get your cash up
We probably need to clash up
And shit got me 'bout ass up
They finding niggas in they shit with they ass up
It ain't October 31st but we gone mask up - and guess what
And I heard they got a nice chain
And for the right price I'll bust the right brain
And mommy hot cause pull up in that white thang
Yo nigga might be fly but I still get trifling
Riding through the city just me and my friend
Friday night special, professional tight aim
A gangsta is who you hearing
Me in my building with 20 bricks in the ceiling
I'm more real than, I got more scrill than
Got more skill than them there
I'm a Cash Money Millionaire

[Hook]
You don't want to fuck with Weezy
You don't want to fuck with Weezy
Hot Boy, Hot, Hot, Hot Boy, Hot, Hot, Hot Boy
Hot, Hot, Hot Boy

[Lil Wayne]
Baby let me get the keys to the rover
No, let me get the keys to the house in Eastover
So I can throw a 500 Degreez platinum party, then the after party
Me and my Squad stomping in this bitch, fuck a Kappa party
Don't go to rapper parties - I'm no rapper man
But when the homies come home we throw a monster jam
And all my people tote chrome - we some monsters man
We gone mob to the promise land
I bought big - I'm a Tymer man
Son of a Stunna - still a girl fuck with a hustler!
Weezy keep it gutter for ya Baby Bubba
Baby blue Mercedes Coupe - Got it bullet proof
Make me shoot my 80 duke at your fucking roof
You're fucking with a big dog, nigga fucking woof
Mr. S-Fucking-Q - I'm the fucking truth
Three stripes, maybe Nikes, lot of ice fucking ooohf!
That's 500 Degreez!

[Hook]
You don't want to fuck with Weezy
You don't want to fuck with Weezy
Hot Boy, Hot, Hot, Hot Boy, Hot, Hot, Hot Boy
Hot, Hot, Hot Boy
Bitch get your mind right, Bitch get your mind right

***

TRACK: Go Hard

[Verse 1]
It's H-B Weezy Wee off the streets
Stay deep 'Cedes Jeep big feet
Gator seats polar bear floors
I faithfully hold to pimp whores
You ate with me and you gon get yours
This eight with me that's bullets through doors
Got haze in me now I'm so tall
Come blaze with me cuz Beaky got more
And now or later I'm major player
I ball right I need an agent player
Ay ma you tight you need to page a player
That's so tonight you can taste a player
I got the burner on the waist if you flinching
My shit turning on 28-inches
My shit burning like 500 plus
And this album's a three permer and a clutch

[Hook]
24/7 (Yes, sir)
I go hard (Go hard, go hard, go hard)
Not here

[Verse 2]
I claim squad game till no more Wayne remain
Bang my thing till no more lane remain
Use the left lane man cook up the cocaine
Dudes a lil game and get her to do brain
That boy Weezy is a bad mother-feezy
Me and Young Jazze at the back of one tweezy
I'm so breezy off the Velvie and the perk
Now I'm getting head on the balcony on Bourbon
Apple and Eagle is the street that I shop
The Birdman my daddy and we fly south
And we don't go to work man we get work out
And the bricks may go as low as ten up in the drought
Niggas is selling and you should be buying
Niggas is telling and you should be dying
Niggas is yelling Cash Money till they kill me
C-M-B, I know you gotta feel me

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
You know if I'm doing it I'm probably doing it for the block
I'm out here bitch I got this here on lock
Come out here bitch I bet this here gon pop
I got ya slick this my year don't knock
Speakers from the front to the rear gon rock
Wood-grain handles to steer it's all hot
I never drove factory and I don't own stock
I drop that bitch on chrome chops, yeah

[Hook till end]

***

TRACK: Young'n Blues

[Intro: Lil Wayne - talking]
I met her when I was young and she was younger
With a body like woman so her age meant nothing
I had to get her number
After how she made them daisy doots fit her all summer
I'm wishing I could hit her all summer
And all she ever wanted
Was for young Weezy to love her
But all I ever wanted was to cum easy and dump her
But that didn't come easy
'Cuz she ended up being my baby's mother
And then I felt smothered but little did I know
I'd never find the same girl inside another
But I never thought that I'd be looking for her
And I never thought that late at night
When I'm in the mix...laying down with some chick
That suddenly it'll click
How this broad in my drawers dont know shit
Bout what I did 'fore I was big
When's there's a woman with my kid where I should be
She screamed to me (What?)
My love, my patience, my pain (OK)
Nigga please

[Hook]
I got the young'n blues y'all (da-da-da-da-da)
I got the young'n blues y'all (da-da-da-da-da)
I got the young'n blues y'all (da-da-da-da-da)
I got the young'n blues y'all (da-da-da-da-da)

[Verse One]
I met her after the fame
And she ain't even like me but I got her after the game
Mami was a nice piece, young Cali sweet thang
Made her into wifey and then reality changed
It was going good...I was happy again
But then things got rapidly strange
And it had to be Wayne
She was still a virgin
What more could I ask from a dame
But I was a bastard...I asked for the pain
Now my ass in the rain
And she got a new life...the picture flipped
And none of it includes Weez and all his bullshit (Shit)
And I remember the Bahamas for the weekend
We was freaking in the suite
And she looked sweet enough to beat it up
Till we began to sleep and I
I'm dreaming 'bout the Victoria Secret lingerie
Told me keep it..she ain't want moms to see it
And just think I once saw it on the girl's body
Now all I'm seeing is nobody

[Hook]
I got the young'n blues y'all (da-da-da-da-da)
I got the young'n blues y'all (da-da-da-da-da)
I got the young'n blues y'all (da-da-da-da-da)
I got the young'n blues y'all (da-da-da-da-da)

[Verse Two]
You see I never really ran, but no gentleman
All I know is big pimpin' ma'am
I'm just tryna be Weezy
And the perfect husband just might be too hard to find in me, Weezy
Baby girl you gotta work with ya boy
'Cuz all of that cursing it be hurting ya boy
Look for the better not the worst in ya boy
And maybe I can be ya boy...Ya know what I'm sayin'
But see this here is not your everyday love tune
It's the story of your everyday thug dude
And in your mind you prolly thinkin we don't love you
But on the real we just not used to what love do
And please consider that
We were taught to love money, ice, cars, and clothes
Love pussy but you dont love them ho's
Love ya niggas love ya children
Now if they got a bitch you could love that
Holla back

[Hook]
I got the young'n blues y'all (da-da-da-da-da)
I got the young'n blues y'all (da-da-da-da-da)
I got the young'n blues y'all (da-da-da-da-da)
I got the young'n blues y'all (da-da-da-da-da)
I got the young'n blues y'all (da-da-da-da-da)
I got the young'n blues y'all (da-da-da-da-da)
Young Weez'got the young'n blues y'all
(da-da-da-da-da)
I got the young'n blues y'all (da-da-da-da-da)

[Outro with Lil Wayne talking]

***

TRACK: Believe That

[Hook - Blaque and (Mannie Fresh)]
Push Impalas and Caprice's (Believe that daddy)
Starch flat no creases (Believe that daddy)
Got that work, you a D boy (Believe that daddy)
You a H-O-T Boy (Believe that daddy)
Do ya Bentley got them hoes (Believe that daddy)
That's, that weed smell in yo clothes (Believe that daddy)
Bet a hunderd, shoot a hundred (Believe that daddy)
It's my block, I run it (Believe that daddy)
Got them 20's on ya ride (Believe that daddy)
Got the gator inside (Believe that daddy)
Fine bitch, bow-leg (Believe that daddy)
And she go both ways (Believe that daddy)
Slugged up in the front (Believe that daddy)
Got a trunk full of bump (Believe that daddy)
Got cribs, cars, bikes, dykes (Believe that daddy)
Cause that's what hoes like (Believe that daddy)
Now I do it for the ladies, do it for the ladies
I do cause I wanna push a cat-eye Mercedes
I do it for my dudes, do it for my dudes
All the niggas on the block that got that work to move

[Verse 1: Lil' Wayne]
It's Weezy baby, young and from the Dirty South
Get up your dope, I'm putting birdies out
Like thirty in my mouth, so I can say
Fuck you bitch you still ain't got a dirty mouth
The hood still ain't got over the drout
So you should sleep on your roof, just to watch over ya house
Nigga we timin', the cost of my watch over ya house
I'm a boss man, I watch over the South
Jazze Pha, let's hop in the Lammy (Lamborghini)
Stop by Sammy, chill in the hood, you good, you family
My boys like to pull them blammies, and big pimp
Mami suck dick 'til she pull your hammy, homey
You know we only, keepin it gangsta
Deep in the Range, 17 in the chamber
All I need is my banger, nigga it's Weezy
This shit is over somebody cue me

(Chorus)

(Verse 2 - Lil' Wayne)
You don't wanna play wit me, I touch you man
Lose ya man in a tussle, but y'all don't see me
Y'all can't hear me, this a def jam, call me Russell, man
I played on Martin, call me hustle, man
And now y'all know I'm the yee-yo muscle, man
But on the under, I got that wonder, to stop that thunder
That rumble in the side of ya stomach, piled on water
How do you want it, come through in a Coupe powder blue or
High with water, how do you want it man
Ay, I towed a lot of tullies dun, I den broke a lot of hoopties dun
I den drove a lot of QP's from, here and there on the road
For the nigga gotta move his son, and I show you how to do this son
That's, that boy Weezy We, CMB, BITACH, and ya stunned

(Chorus)

***

TRACK: Rob Nice Live On The Radio

Tell us that you would like to have the lyrics of this song. Then we'll make it our highest priority to find these lyrics first!
Or perhaps you can help us out. If you have the lyrics of this song, it would be great if you can submit these. That will definitely help us and the other visitors!

***

TRACK: Fuck You

[Lil Wayne]
Who that, Weezy Bitch
Like Sigel, you fuckin with the young don, people
Plus I'm tryna make a son, he gon' be the sequel
Muh'fuckas better be peaceful, fo' sheezle
I get sums in lumps, like measles
My dough sick, on occations I catch seizures
I treat beef like burgers, just cheese you
And for that cheddar, hungry niggas'll eat you
We breeze through in the twelve with the judo eyes
Bitches yell I wanna do those guys
Ain't that cold, you know shit fucked up when you got banked at fo'
I'm 19 and I got banked at O
That's the Bentley ma, that ain't that Rolls
But the price on that muthafucka ain't that low
Guaranteed that I'll bang that fo'
If your fuckin with the dude
Bitch I'm from Cash Money Records, Fuck You

[Hook x8]
Fuck you, fuck you nigga, muthafuck you

[Mannie Fresh]
Chains, knives, guns that's us
The slogan is "we will bust"
The rules our this our side
Cross it young nigga and you will die
Pumps, riot guns, even 25's
Cash Money got this, don't even try it
Stay where you from, don't bring no static
If not, then semi-automatic
This is the payback, pussy bitch stay back
Fuck you, yo' mama, yo' daddy and where you lay at
What's beef, beef is when you fuck with us
Guaranteed to leave yo' ass up under the bus
There's no one quicker, than a hot boy nigga
That'll get you with the knife, or pow with the trigger
There's no one keaner, with the chrome Sarafina
Murder ain't nuttin' but a misdemeanor

[Hook x4]

[Baby]
Fo' sho' nigga
I'm gon' ride 'round my city and stunt my shit
If a nigga don't like it they can suck my dick
I got a Bentley, Jag, Rolls, Ferrari
Lambo' with no top I'm gon' ride tomorrow
Fuck a cutless, regals, and rams V-12
Gotta have somethin fast just to get out them jams
Got a big ass crib with a flow lil fuck
Got a roof all glass and that bitch split up
Got a house built look like a Mercedes booth
Ferrari sofa set with the Lambo' wrench room
Leskitted up kitchen set and Rolls Royce wall
Jaguar floors and fuck all yall
BMW lights, projectors to watch fights
Caddilac Benz, white fox for threads
Chin cheddar for Chi tower, ain't that crazy
I don't give a fuck homie, that's how I play it
Refridge designed like a Lexus with legs
In the fridge, it's quarters to replace the eggs
From me, Fresh, and Weezy fuck what they say
I'm Cash Money stunna nigga and that's how I play it

[Hook x8]

***

TRACK: What Does Life Mean To Me

Baby! Ghetto biotch!
What does life mean to me?
Cars clothes an a lot of jewelry
What does life mean to me?
A fine ghetto bitch wit a big ass booty
What does life mean to me?
Drinkin', pimpin' an a whole lot of weed
What does life mean to me?
Every things right what we said, please believe me
(Baby)
Talkin'

***

TRACK: Get That Dough

Biotch, Biotch

[Hook - Baby (Cristale)]
(Get that dough)
Look wipe a bitch down, let's dribble on a ho, C'mon
(Get that dough)
Let's pop a few bottles, smoke a lil dro
(Get that dough)
Look wipe a bitch down, let's dribble on a ho, Wooo
(Get that dough)
Let's pop a few bottles, smoke a lil dro

[Lil Wayne]
I pull up slow, chrome flashin
Lil daddy in a long Cabbi
Big hat pimp strong daddy
Got my hoes on my arm daddy
Ain't that amazing, specially when I'm blazin that dro
Earthly green, purple weed, purple V
With purple seats, murck the streets
And I see ya in that Gucci skirt ya sweet
But later on I wanna hurt ya so holla back ho
I know ya will, get ya ass over here
And take off my polar bear
I'm the coldest player of most my age
Quote my age, 19 but my money's much old
And shorty got crazy paper
Cash Money's my army, my navy paper
Understand, Weezy is made of paper
I got "Baby" paper

[Hook]

[Cristale]
Floss our bitch, or get tossed out
Stunna time criss-crossed out
Birdman the bad bitches bossed out
So fly nigga we dont walk out
Time to get Nina Rossed out
I'mma let the heat speak, see I'm talked out
What's the muthafuckin talk bout
Get you niggas chalked out
Chi-town and Birdman show you what that fuckin hawk bout

[Baby]
You can shine like stunna (Papi it's all gravy)
I bought the Rover for me and bought the Benz for my ladies
See I, wipe ya down, I shine ya up
And put the rims on the whip then diamonded up
It's the m-uh-m-uh-man, that I hustle for grams
Me, Ta', and Cris' with a blunt in my hand
See I come through shinin, known big tymin
Red Caddi truck, nigga I'm grindin

[Hook]

[Tateeze]
I come Harley D, black bike all chrome
Your queen is home, daddy tell 'em where they went from

[Baby]
See I'mma slide on through, then I stash the loot
Who washed the coupe, ma look I know what to do

[Tateeze]
Got the suit you to wear some pumps on
Matchin the car, matchin my bra, shit nigga pimpin is hard

[Baby]
I jock that, so wipe a nigga down
Let's dribble on a ho, bitch time to go

[Tateeze]
The Caddi do me pop, the coupe is hot
The groupies flock, and case me out my Gucci socks
Yeah, we get that dough, Tatee' watch me drop these
You got me, can I get the car keys

[Baby]
See I wipe a bitch down, then dribble on a ho
And I touch her from her head, from her waist, to her toes
Pop up in the Lexus with the mink on the floor
Rocked out Nexus 2K bird ho, Wooo!

[Hook]

***

TRACK: Fo Sheezy

[Verse 1]
You know they saying since the bar back on the 'dro, he lackin the flow
And if that ever happen whoa I ain't rapping no more
I'm good with a pina, daq and an o
Gagging and choke like ho put the dick back in your throat
Still packing fo sho
Yeezy Weezy off of the heezy fo sheezy
Cruise with the top off of the 'Ghini
Bars got cheese I got cheddar linguini
That's why I keep the federals scheming
That's why I keep the platinum blinging
Every diamond's like a nice size
I help people with problems look at the bright side
With nice ties on a rise so they sitting me high
And the rims born in '79
Weezy carry the nine Glocks
Slipping they gon have to get six niggas name called carry a pine box
Marry me ma, not
But here's what you can do to me
Give me good brains tutor me
W-E-E-Z-Y Wee

[Hook x4]
They call me Weezy Weezy fo sheezy
Banana clip on the heater
Banana whip on them sneakers
Banana dick going deeper

[Verse 2]
Got a good game honestly so respect the young'n
Got your girl undercover like a detective woman
I'm a mess blow a vest to onion and I'll test your stomach
And the pistols right next to him cousin
I'm a player having sex with dozens
Sex with cousins hoes dissed with husbands
My pants is down her dress is up
Her head down and her neck is tough
She suck till I say, "That's enough!"
We fuck till her ass fractured up
And when I nut no shower bitch pack your stuff
Am I a mack or what
Yep, Weezy macaroni with a bony model bitch
Are you modeling ma
She got her own whip so you following ma
She said she like that squad shit
So oh you swallowing ma
She said she like that hot dick
Well miss I got three bricks and two pills pop
One blunt mami let's roll
And understand, I know what my name is, right
Bitch say it
W-E-E-Z-Y Wee

[Hook x4]

[Verse 3]
I'm so gangsta
If she don't go down no thank you
I got so many bitches so ain't ya
Got so many pictures of Ben Franklin
High top tennis on the car cover of the whole game cold
Fuck it up with me niggas come from all angles
Representing S-Q like the Star Spangled
White tee-fish at Kango
Low top Nikes plus my ho pop Nikes
How exciting we riding in the third lane
Said she like Juvy but prefer Wayne
She can give me head
Call her birdbrain on everything
It's Young Weezy cuz I be golly
My neck more colorful then Nelly, Murph, Ky, Ali
I'm so cold deep
Low seats in the old drop blow reef
Like no cops could fuck with this
Swiftly no tops on the whippy
Cash Money hot Bizzy Lil Wizzy get with me
Now I'ma, I'mma ask you again
You know my name right bitch
Bitch say it

[Hook x2]

[Outro]
W-E-E-Z-Y Wee
Bitch holla!

***

TRACK: Fly Talkin' Go Home

The lyrics for this song have yet to be transcribed

---

WORK: Tha Carter

***

TRACK: Walk In

[Intro]
Yeah yeah yeah
It's the Carter motherfucker, I came back around
It's the Carter motherfucker, I came back around
It's the Carter motherfucker
Let me show you my building man, it's the Carter
I'ma show y'all the ins the outs, the ups the down, know what I'm talking 'bout
This is me, fourth solo album baby, I came back around
By myself this time, back off the wall
Guns up in the air in the middle of the street like bang, bang, bang bang, welcome

[Verse 1]
Welcome, this is the Carter y'all welcome
Hard as Malcolm, dark as The Falcon, Lord help him
But y'all felt him, and that make you a part of me and pardon me
If a part of me is what you wanna be what you oughta be
Doing, recording me, I'm just acting accordingly, I give orders
To the commander in chief, just the commander in me
Handling streets in the Mandarin V
I hear you haters slandering me, I just hand 'em to P
Any drama, I pace it like Indiana
I take your grandma pacemaker and just hand her the piece
Not two fingers I simultaneously pop two bangers
You do not want angus, USDA prime beef, you're dead meat
I'm so ahead of these trendy rappers speed up
I'm already hot when another one starting to heat up
Got Mannie hot with me cuz I always beat his beat up
Y'all cats wit y'all feet up starting to look like V'd up
I'm G'd up on the re-up up, in the truck I gotta put my seat up
In the trunk I got my bass and I ain't speakin about no speakers
What's leaking up out of your speakers is the speech of Weezy F. Baby
No more no less Baby, so forth and so on, (let's go)
Front door, living room young nigga switching weed
What you need? Get you crack, get you weed
Make your way to the back, look ahead and see
White bitch in the bathroom giving head for speed
But don't you turn your head at me, the president been doin it
Then he tried to ruin it, but I built this building from the ruts
I own all the corners and the cuts in this motherfucker
And the feds know just what's in this motherfucker
Made niggas so they can't bust in this motherfucker
So with that, let's keep it movin'
Onto the kitchen where my witches keep it brewin'
Uh huh, look at how my bitches do it
Bucky buck naked, look at all my bitches booties
They handle all my pharmaceutics
I got it from Promethazine to Metamucil
I'm crucial, don't mean to spook you
But, this is New Orleans, so my queens do voodoo, ya know?
So the things just move through
I feel your pain, I got things to soothe you
There's fields of 'caine, so Wayne and neutral
Don't hate the game hate the institution
There's fields of 'caine, so Wayne and neutral
Don't hate the game hate the institution, fucker

[Outro]
I came back around, it's the Carter
Show you the rest of the house later
We gonna go upstairs, ya know
You know what this is right
The Carter, the Carter, the Carter

***

TRACK: Go DJ

[Intro: Mannie Fresh]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Grown-ups, in between, children and babies
Right about now is your boy, ya heard?
Back again, DJ Mannie Fresh, Fre-re-re-re-Fresh
Yeah, Fre-re-re-re-Fresh
Fre-re-re-re-Fresh, Fre-re-re-re-Fresh

[Hook: Mannie Fresh]
Go DJ, that's my DJ
Go DJ, that's my DJ
Go DJ, that's my DJ
Go DJ, yeah, well Weezy Wee

[Interlude: Mannie Fresh & Lil Wayne]
Step up to the mic, dude, do what you do, ya heard?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Ladies and gentlemen
What you have here is brought to you courtesy of
The young man Young Carter and the great man Mannie Fresh
So what I want y'all out there to do for me is
Say this

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
Say "Go DJ," 'cause that's my DJ
Say "Go DJ," 'cause that's my DJ
Say "Go DJ," 'cause that my DJ
So "Go DJ," 'cause that my, 'cause that my

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Murder 101, the hottest nigga under the sun
I come from under the Tommy busting a Tommy
You come from under ya garments, ya chest and ya arm hit
Pow! One to the head, now you know he dead
Now, you know I play it like a pro in the game
Naw, better yet, a veteran, a hall of fame
I got that medicine, I'm better than all the names
Ay, it's Cash Money Records, man, a lawless gang
Put some water on the track, Fresh, for all this flame
Wear a helmet when you bang it, man, and guard your brain
'Cause the flow is spazmatic, what they call insane
That ain't even my motherfuckin' aim, I gets dough, boy
And you already know that pimpin'
18, how I'm living? Young'n, show that Bentley
Stunna my Pa, so you know that's in me
Gotti my mentor, so don't go there with me, oh!
(Let me hit the blunt first)

[Hook]
Go DJ, 'cause that's my DJ
Say "Go DJ," 'cause that my DJ
(This is Tha Carter, oh)
Say "Go DJ," 'cause that my DJ
So "Go DJ," 'cause that my, 'cause that my
(These niggas is hilarious)
Go DJ, 'cause that my DJ
Say "Go DJ," 'cause that my DJ
(This is Tha Carter, blap)
Go DJ, 'cause that my DJ
Say "Go DJ," 'cause that my DJ
(Put your binoculars on, try to see me)
'Cause that my, uh, that my
Let's go

[Verse 2]
And I move like the coupe through traffic
Rush hour, GT Bent', roof is absent
Your bitch present with the music blastin'
And she keep askin', "How it shoot if it's plastic?"
I tell her, "You'll see if your boy run up"
She sat back and cut Tha Carter back up, uh, fo' sho'
Ay, Big Mike, they better step they's authority up
Before they step to a sergeant's son, I got army guns
You niggas never harmin' Young
Fly Wizzy, my opponent's done, I'm done talkin' (shut up)
And I ain't just begun
I been runnin' my city like Diddy, you chump
I fly by you in a foreign whip
On the throttle, with a model-bony bitch, pair of phony tits
Her hair is long as shit, to her thong and shit
Well, here we go, so hold on to this

[Interlude]
Now let's go
Hold on, let me hit the blunt again
So, go
Y'all say it with me this time
This is the, this is the, this is the
This is the, this is the, this is the
This is Tha Carter, oh

[Hook]
Say "Go DJ," 'cause that my DJ (That my DJ, Mannie Fresh)
Say "Go DJ," 'cause that my DJ (Uh, that my DJ)
Say "Go DJ," 'cause that my DJ
(These niggas so mad at me right now, Fresh)
Say go DJ, 'cause that my, 'cause that my, 'cause that my
(Guess what though, guess what?)

[Verse 3]
Birdman, put them niggas in the trash can
Leave 'em outside of your door, I'm your trash man
I'm steady lighting up the hash, and, riding in my Jag
You will need a gas mask, man
You snakes, stop hiding in the grass
Sooner or later I'll cut it, now the blade's in your ass
You homo niggas getting AIDS in the ass
While the homie here tryna get paid in advance
I'm staying on my grizzy, I'm a bona fide hustler
Play me or play with me, then I'm gonna find your mother
Niggas wanna eat, 'cause they ain't ate nothin'
But niggas wanna leave when you say you out of mustard
So I'ma walk into the restaurant alone
Leaving out, leaving behind just residue and bones
In your residence with Rugers to your dome
Like, "Where the fuck you holding the coke?"
Holding your throat, choke

[Interlude]
So, go
So, go
This, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this
Y’all say it with me
This is Tha Carter, oh

[Hook]
Say "Go DJ," 'cause that my DJ
(And that my DJ)
Say "Go DJ," 'cause that my DJ
(Mannie, Mannie Fresh, yes, that’s my DJ)
Say "Go DJ," 'cause that my DJ
(And this Tha Carter)
Say "Go DJ," 'cause that my DJ
(Call me if you’re fuckin’ with me)
Go DJ

***

TRACK: This is the Carter

[Hook: Mannie Fresh]
Ladies and gentlemen, pimps and playas
Half-ass rappers and true rhyme sayers
This is the Carter, so hold onto your teenage daughter
Because this is the Carter, a lot more rich and a whole lot smarter
Wayne in ya brain, Young Carter
Wayne in ya brain, Young Carter

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Who am I? Young Wizzle for shizzle
Flow sicker than a third floor in hospitals
My charm Starburst, my watch Skittles
I'm hot sizzle, "what up, hot bizzle?"
Holla at a playa, I'm sorta like BD
Y'all can't stop my dribble, or block the lay-ups
Soft top the coupe, mami pop her too
Don't chase the feeling, baby girl, let it come to you
Remove the ceiling on the girl, now she comfortable
I'm a world-class G, mami, fuck wit dude
I got "La-Z-Boy bank": that's comfort loot
I'm a offensive coordinator, run and shoot
You watch your grill what you ought to do
Fore your ribs get barbecued
And my ribs is showing I say I'm starving dude
This, this, this, this, this is the Carter dude
What up Reel, c'mon

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
I'm the Birdman, Birdman Jr. bitch
I be high in the sky, shit on you and your bitch
I be flyer than your guy you need to lose the prick
Now if you follow everything, just grab a wing
And we could shh
All the way down to the mall and bet I buy it all
Young Mar' picture the broad lick
All the way down to the balls then she wipe it off
If getting money is wrong I ain't right at all
I Young Money a car, I just write it off
I'm the boss of my own shit, I'm my own clique
I would say "fuck you", but go and get your own dick
Get your game up, boy, hustle harder
This, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this
Get your game up, boy, hustle harder
This, this, this, this, this, this is the Carter

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
And y'all better blame Baby
Cause he's the muthafucka that made me, and I'm crazy!
And y'all ask why I never left the Navy
Cause he's the motherfucka that pay me, is you crazy?
Young, Young, Young Wizzle, baby
Give you your issue, Nina wanna kiss you
No, no, no, me no want no bullshit
So, so stop baller-blocking cause a nigga hood rich
And I floss every day because I could bitch
So holla at your boy cause I'm still on some hood shit
Like, like, like what's really good with your mom or your little boy
And your sister looking good, shit, shit
I'm still Apple Eagle Weezle
1-7 Hollygrove, never ever leave you
I got y'all waiting on my sequel
This, this, this, this, this, this is the Carter people

[Hook]

***

TRACK: BM J.R.

Baby: Speaking]
Yeah shawty you know what I'm talkin' about
I'm peepin' these niggas out there slippin', lookin' like
They ain't 'bout money no mo' man, so uh fuck
You know what we gon' do huh, what we been doin' ha nigga
We gon' load up get a lot mo get a lot mo and say fuck em nigga
Keep buyin' shit, keep fuckin' hoes
Loadin' up on mo' bitches
Then you know what I'm sayin', we gon' get greedy too nigga
I ain't never gettin' full
I'm full blooded with this grind
Yeah they don't understand lil nigga

[Verse 1: Lil' Wayne]
Murder capital only key to survive is kill
If the elements don't murder you the riders will for real
And niggas know I go hard to the fullest
Get involved and I got em playing dodgeball with bullets
Yeah, I got the sawed-off fully
In the Sean John hoodie, get fucked, you play pussy
Ha, we hit 'em up while they lookin'
And them body shots hurt, but the head shots took him
Damn, and if the red dot spot 'em then the hollow head got 'em
Knock his top to his bottom jack
Yeah, you see we grind from the bottom
Just to make it to the bottom at the very bottom of the map
Lil Weezyana piranhas everywhere you at
You gotta wear ya extra condom and a extra gat
Your bitch can get it for actin' like a man
And niggas in Pakistan ain't packin' like your man
I backwards hand your man on command
In front of niggas he cool with them boys on fan
I'm on hot, I adjust in different climates
Ducking the animal keeper runnin' with my primates
You ain't did it till you done it like in five states
Weezy hustle no blubber I put on weight
And in the drought I go on a diet and stretch more
Lose all that weight leave a nigga with stretch marks
You don't even come up to a nigga chest pa' sub par
What the fuck they play it in the club for
Real shit I'm ducking bombs from a drug war
No religion but the cops swear that I'm a drug lord
Father forgive 'em for they know not who they pushin' Lord
Father forgive me if I have to send em to you Lord
I'm just tryin' dodge the shots they send to the God
They ridin' up highway to heaven boulevard
Damn, them niggas pussy and jive not even in a eye exam they ain't lookin' for I
The A and the K will make your face crook to the side
Now when you smilin' everybody gotta look from the side
Cause when you wildin' you ain't lookin' you just lookin' high
And when we hungry you look like pie
Sweet potato-ass nigga you lemon merengue, apple custard
Cherry jelly, don't make me get the biscuit busta
What up Gizzle you my distant brother
Real shit nigga same father, different mother
I skip the frontin' and stick to keepin' it trill
You not know me for nothin' other I'm somethin' other
Than people you feel I'm deeper for real I'm deeper than skills
My speeches can kill, rest in peace

[Baby: Speaking]
Yeah, you undadig shawty it's all about one thing nigga
If you bout money nigga come fuck with us
If you ain't bout no money get the fuck from 'round us nigga
And whatever you bout we bout it
Howeva you wanna get we can give it to ya nigga
All runners bitch, you undadig put your prints in nigga
Put your feet down and your nuts on the concrete and let's roll

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
You sleep in the field for trying the dude
I'll bust ya head to the meat turn ya mind to food
Food for thought, think I ain't lyin' to you
I lie his body in grease, set fire to em
I tie his body in sheets put the tires to em
Make em feel the Escalade put his feet in the blades
Damn! I'm the heat in the blaze
And niggas keep they ways when I'm in the streets wit blay What!
My nigga hungry he'll eat the plate
And if I ask the homeboy'll eat ya face Yea!
And though he got me, you can ask I'm like a pool table, I keep the eight
My side pocket side ways
When I pop it leave a nigga sideways for five days
Birdman talk to em

[Baby: Speaking]
Yeah nigga, I tell em, I'll tell em again shawty
If it ain't bout no money get and fall the fuck from 'round me nigga

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Check my swag, I travel like sound dawg
You play hard and I’m gravel like ground dawg
I'm underground, call me groundhog
Lay down laws, call the ground law
Don't confuse me wit' the law, naw
But just confuse me with my pa because I am the Birdman J.R
I ain't trippin' nigga, I play the corner like Ripken nigga
With the forty Cal Ripken nigga, rip a nigga
Flip your vehicle, split your windshield
Whack ya baby momma but I'll let the kid live
And people say that I am a kid still
Cause the lil nigga still ride on big wheels
You feeling animal then come on and get killed
The Sig peel bandanas like bananas
Say I'm slight bananas I blow a weekend in Havana
In my Cabana wit my bottom bitch from Savannah
Man a train couldn't stop ya man
I man up and you not a man, I stand up say I got my land
I'm the man of my land call it Lil-Weezy-ana
That's the new plan

[Baby: Speaking]
Yeah nigga, you bout some money get at me nigga
That's the only way
Dumb shit we bout that get at me you undadig
Nigga roll solo, dolo nigga

***

TRACK: On the Block #1

Yall know me it is shorty moutha fuck**g g riding with a half a brick stapt to your neice cause you know i punch you in your nose and split your back yall ni**as are wack and i toate fat sacks and slim dimes you just wine this is my flow so get up off my nuts like luda said yall mack with no nust and i murded it so put it in the trash

***

TRACK: I Miss My Dawgs

[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
This is the Carter muthafucka, yea
And in my building I must keep it real

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
And man I miss the times
We would shine, you would keep on your side
You would teach me how to ride
And you would teach me how to pride
Then we get on the line and go over our lines
We were in the same position
And that's when you changed position, shit
I never changed and I miss ya, and it's strange
But I never forget ya
Though that ain't you with them bitches homie
And I know that ain't you wit that dissin on me, that's why I
Never replied and never will, just let em live phony
If ya ever died, I swear to God, I got yo kids homie
What's mine is theirs, I gotta give homie, and yea
We still a army in this bitch homie
Yeah Cash Money still the shit homie, shit, homie!
What's really real is you feelin me nigga
That Hot Boy shit still in me nigga, word to giggity nigga
And I ain't got time to speak the history
I miss you and I know you missin me, Gizzle, but

[Hook: Reel]
Man, I miss my dawgs, many nights club poppin
Many nights we were blowin trees, many nights we were hustlin
[Man I miss my dawgs, me and you through thick and thin
Me and you through the very end, for only you I'll sin again]
Man, I miss my dawgs, many nights club poppin
Many nights we were blowin trees, many nights we were hustlin
Man I miss my dawgs, me and you through thick and thin
Me and you through the very end, for only you I'll sin again

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
And I remember when you came to the clique
I had already made my name in the clique
But you got famous and shit
I got my soulja rag and dangled my shit
I was honored just to hang wit you, shit
And I banged to the boogie-bang-bang with ya clique
And I ain't even from the 3, my hood was angry at me, shit
But I rose to my feet, played the post with the heat
At them shows while you performed and posed
I was waitin for a nigga to jump, see I was patient
But was ready to dump, cuz you my brother, chump
Real Gs never buckle up
But every family ain't filled wit gangstas that's real
And that's real and I would never turn my back
Or turn ya down, even if you turned around, muthafucka
But history is history
I miss you and I know you missin me, Juvie, but

[Hook: Reel]
Man, I miss my dawgs, many nights club poppin
Many nights we were blowin trees, many nights we were hustlin
Man I miss my dawgs, me and you through thick and thin
Me and you through the very end, for only you I'll sin again
Man, I miss my dawgs, many nights club poppin
Many nights we were blowin trees, many nights we were hustlin
Man I miss my dawgs, me and you through thick and thin
Me and you through the very end, for only you I'll sin again

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
You was my nigga, my nerve, my joy, my hurt
My main muthafuckin man Turk (oh!)
My other, my partner, I was teacher, he was father
I skilled, he schooled, we chilled, we moved
We thug, we hung, we ate, we slept
We lived, we died, I stayed, you LEFT!
Remember how we played to the left?
And we stayed out of trouble 'cause we stayed to our self
'Member B and Slim would leave and the keys over?
Tell us not to go Uptown and we went straight to tha Nolia
While I watched you reunite wit yo souljas
And yo mom and brothers, while I lied to the Stunna
Yeah, those were the times my brother
Now I recognize real and I eye my brother
Yeah, nigga, Semaj my brother, the Sqad's my brother
The niggas you left behind is my brothers!

[Hook: Reel]
Man, I miss my dawgs, many nights club poppin
Many nights we were blowin trees, many nights we were hustlin
Man I miss my dawgs, me and you through thick and thin
Me and you through the very end, for only you I'll sin again
Man, I miss my dawgs, many nights club poppin
Many nights we were blowin trees, many nights we were hustlin
Man I miss my dawgs, me and you through thick and thin
Me and you through the very end, for only you I'll sin again

***

TRACK: We Don't

[Baby - talking]
Ay shawty, you know what I'm sayin'
Some niggas palms be sweatin'
Some niggas palms be itchy
It don't matter, a nigga just gotta get it
You know what I'm sayin', nigga
We built this shit from the ground up
Nigga, The Carter, nigga
You what I'm sayin'
We been around the world gettin' money nigga
We been to every ghetto, every neighborhood
Every project, nigga
We worldwide hustlas, nigga (Belie' that bitch)
You what I'm sayin'
Lets get them niggas, lets ride shawty

[Baby]
Indictments, got us conspiracy for murders
Five young niggas uptown servants
Word, they bird curvin' for servin'
Look, the worstest of the worst is shootin' out like they George Gervin
Bitch, and we was raised in these war times
Jail also made men in these hard times
And don't cry I'mma get mines so pray for me
I'm on the block on the grind, mama pray for me
So nigga respect my G, respect my grind
Nigga respect how I eat, respect my mind
Nigga respect this heat
When these niggas out of line, nigga we dress up and creep
Whoa, shawty I'mma blow they whole block
Fuckin' with a soldier, mastermind his own plot
Third ward survivor, uptown madness
Killin' is a hobby, jackin' is a habbit, bitch

[Hook]
We don't give a fizzuck my nigga we young and bizzuck
We'll fuck a nigga's shit up if nigga is fuckin' with us
And then pump 'em make 'em lift up, hit 'em up and be out
And we out for cash motherfuckin' money baby
C'mon, we don't give a fizzuck my nigga we young and bizzuck
We'll fuck a nigga's shit up if nigga is fuckin' with us
And then pump 'em make 'em lift up, hit 'em up and be out
And we out for cash motherfuckin' money baby, c'mon

[Lil Wayne]
The murder man, picture me lurkin'
Right up behind ya curtains nine's squirtin'
And you could hear it when it's hurtin'
But if I hear him hurtin' I'll walk over and merk him for certain
I took over the circus
Cause I'mma act a clown if you put your feet down on my surface
I walk around, fo' pound and surface
To spin ya ass around in circles, you urkel
Blood run up out ya earth now you purple
Your homeboy get it first, but you worst so
Now you headed to the skies above
And I'm go and get high with ya bitch in the club
Yeah, life's a bitch and death's her husband
And you gonna have to meet up if you keep on fuckin' up
And you gonna have to meet us if you keep on fuckin' up
But you don't want see them CMB blood knuckle up

[Hook]
We don't give a fizzuck my nigga we young and bizzuck
We'll fuck a nigga's shit up if nigga is fuckin' with us
And then pump 'em make 'em lift up, hit 'em up and be out
And we out for cash motherfuckin' money baby
C'mon, we don't give a fizzuck my nigga we young and bizzuck
We'll fuck a nigga's shit up if nigga is fuckin' with us
And then pump 'em make 'em lift up, hit 'em up and be out
And we out for cash motherfuckin' money baby, c'mon

[Lil Wayne]
Shoot him in his head so he remember
Because of that mama I'll be gone 'till November
I be back next winter in a hummer on spinners
Them niggas on the block say them boys gon' get 'em
But them niggas on the block don't know the toys come with him
Tell ya boy come and get me if I go he goin' with me
I'm hoping y'all feel me, I told y'all what the dealy
Ya open up ya face I'mma open up the semi
I open up ya kidneys now ya floatin' up the Missi-
Ssippi, river nigga play with deep water now ya swimmin'
Silly, you play with me, Carter, now ya missin'
Really, I shoot ya in ya head and make you feel it
And even though I be the man with the milli's
When the shit go down I be the man with the milli's
Beef cranberry on the ceilin'
This is the Carter, bitch welcome to my buildin' c'mon

[Hook]
We don't give a fizzuck my nigga we young and bizzuck
We'll fuck a nigga's shit up if nigga is fuckin' with us
And then pump 'em make 'em lift up, hit 'em up and be out
And we out for cash motherfuckin' money baby
C'mon, we don't give a fizzuck my nigga we young and bizzuck
We'll fuck a nigga's shit up if nigga is fuckin' with us
And then pump 'em make 'em lift up, hit 'em up and be out
And we out for cash motherfuckin' money baby, c'mon

[Lil Wayne - talking]
Wish a nigga would say something, gotta
Standin' right here, guns up boy
Weezy F, Birdman
Holla back

***

TRACK: On My Own

This is what they call me

[Verse 1]
Eagle, Eagle Carter man
In a '96 Regal contraband
On my way to the east to the laundromat
Got to wash that money and get on my ass
Gotta flip them bricks it be gone so fast
I got to do something I done blown my last
Dollar holler at your boy on the ave
In that Jeep pidico is what I'm known to have
Shit tend to be slow I put on the mask
And make it Halloween and take all your bags
I say Holly-holly grove won't you go and stand up
And make these motherfuckers understand
I say: "Look coach they pitching at me under hand"
But I'm a designated hitter I adjust so fast
Ya'll men designing women, I'm a woman's man
I'm the Cash Money prince blow the trumpets band, and
They say they want the drugs to stop
But I'm a major set back when my album drop
I got that wet crack flow out ya mami's pot
I got that jet black four at ya mami's spot
I'm trying to get back door I demand it now
Yeah, panic now, you better pan it down
'Fore the neighbors they overhear me tear it down
Yeah it's Weezy F. Baby and his crown, the prince

[Hook - Reel]
This is my town, my home
This is my crown, my throne
This is me on my own
Let's get it on

[Verse 2]
And the hand gun is so included
Don't get it confused I want no confusion
And keep ya ho I don't want your contusions
I make my hoes stop and let the dough keep moving
A bitch over some money is a hungry nuisance
It's money over bitches that I am going to keep proving
It's Weezy F, I got ya momma groovin'
Out of all the Hot Boyz she say I'm the coolest
I bought my bag of oranges its time to juice it
This game is a bitch and I'm trying to seduce it
I floss, a awful lot of haters try and reduce it
But the laser on the 45 is eyeing you stupid
One shot to remind you who is
That fly little nigga that's behind the trigger, Wizzle
I'm off chronic combined with liquor
But niggas'll never see me like Momma Tigger
A 80's-baby a fighting nigga
I got it on my mind like a psychic nigga
I'm something you call pepper like a Viking slick
See me over the viking stove I'm whitening bricks
Or in the middle of the shoot out untightening clips
Pop another one shoot back while lighting a spliff
I do this you catching my drift
Representing with my section on my belly and shit
I am the prince

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
So roll the carpet out cause you fucking with a nigga from the royal South
See you either in or you out and if you out stay in cause them warriors out
Those vultures, them cops, and the lawyers out
I just open up the gate and let my hoyas out
No nigga I never call your house I'm probably somewhere taking Toya out
Not answering my phone, man, ignoring ya spouse
She leaving messages about me enjoying her mouth
Hey I'm ready to knock a boy in the mouth
Give me the name naw better yet point him out
Hey, me and the streets got a joint account
I'm from the streets that you need to be warned about
New Orleans whoa they put the gat in your mouth
And we tote a lot of iron to flatten you out
Few roaches but never had no rats in this house
Never tell on one another leave that in the house
Always been a small hustler moving my packaging out
I ever run into some trouble send them savages out
These niggas talking sweet I get them cavities out
I got graveyard fliers man I'm passing them out
Hey bitch nigga get ya ass on the ground and bow down to ya majesty now I am the prince

***

TRACK: Tha Heat

[Lil Wayne talking]
Fuck with me, you know what it is

[Hook] 2x
I shoot your arm, leg, leg, arm, head
The heater burner bruisa is on my hip this year
I shoot your arm, leg, leg, arm, head
I wish a motherfucker would trip this year

[Verse One]
Dressed in all black and my gun the same color
Murder my enemy love thy brother
And I ain't never gave a shit about a motherfucker
Hit him up and watch the guts come up out a youngin stomach
You niggas better take side with young money, Cash Money
You'll get left in your ride crash dummy
I'll be around when the times get ugly
When the wheels fall off and the tires stop running
The magazine empty and the nine stop busting
I bang my fist till my palms get bloody
Cuz I'm a monsta man
I'm gonna find you and my AP nine don't jam
I'm a rider you can't take it out of me man
I be wilding, you can wait by my house for me fam
I will fire and drop a hater right where he stands
I'm gonna die with this blazer right in these hands

[Hook] 2x
I shoot your arm, leg, leg, arm, head
The heater burner bruisa is on my hip this year
I shoot your arm, leg, leg, arm, head
I wish a motherfucker would trip this year

[Verse 2]
Twenty-two's, thirty-eight's, forty-four's, forty-five's
Tucked in my thirty-eight, mack on my back I am
So ready for whateva that awaits me
Run up in your place while you're sleepin, awake thee
Calicoes, ak's, Uzi-machines
Got ya misplacin your arms and losin your knees
I am takin names, so who wanna leave
Out this bitch with your brains and your dew on your sleeve?
I got the hood with the names of the crew on they t's
And I might make a funeral sweep, I ain't bullshitin
AR hit ya truck got ya hood flippin
Feet by the engine, head by the transmission
And I be right where I am mista
Me and my damn pistol
Me and my girlfriend
In this world alone, so bring it on
And imma have to sing you this song nigga

[Hook] 2x
I shoot your arm, leg, leg, arm, head
The heater burner bruisa is on my hip this year
I shoot your arm, leg, leg, arm, head
I wish a motherfucker would trip this year

[Verse 3]
I got the scope on the tool I can see what you do
With a little red dot nigga peek-a-boo
Shhh the silence will speak to you
Hit you from across the street wile you tying ya shoe
Like Bang! Bang! say breathe nigga breath I stand ova the body with the boy in his tee
Say Bang! Bang! say breathe deep breath I stand ova the body with the boy in his chest...Clear!
Now the boy is a mess and the block in fear cuz ya boy up and left
Life is short enjoy what eva's left
Before you run into a nigga like me and meet death
In less than three seconds I'll pull a three-eighty
Three feet from my waist
Three inches from your faces
Make no mistake Weezy neva hesitate
I'll pop till your shit separate like eewww!

[Hook] 2x
I shoot your arm, leg, leg, arm, head
The heater burner bruisa is on my hip this year
I shoot your arm, leg, leg, arm, head
I wish a motherfucker would trip this year

***

TRACK: Cash Money Millionaires

I keep pimpin
I keep pimpin
I keep I, I keep pimpin
I, I, I keep pimpin

[Verse 1]
I got a bitch in the back, got a ho in the front
One cookin the crack, one rollin da blunt
You get pussy and ass from a beautiful broad
If you lookin' fa that holla at cha boy
I'm a m-m-mack mack a p-p-pimp
I sp-sp-sp-spit out shrimp
I pull up clean I get out limp
I walk like (?)
I talk like bi, bitch get chere
Best playa on my team when I ball women cheer
And they love the way I come out wit the gear
This jacket these shoes don't come out this year
So if you love ya girl don't let her come out this year
If you leave her out there then she comin out here
And that ain't fair but I don't care
I'm a motherfuckin Cash Money Millionaire Yeah!

[Hook x2]
Who you think you fuckin wit (Bitch!)
Who you think you fuckin wit
Who you think you fuckin wit
Who you think you fuckin wit
Who you think you fuckin wit I'm serious bout this pimpin shit
[I'm a motherfuckin Cash Money Millionaire, naire, naire...]

[Verse 2]
I got 25 dollars on my dresser and if I
Give it to my ho she gon bring back mo'
Not a.. minute go she ain't gettin that loot
And if you ain't got no money she ain't gettin at you
I like em sexy high yellow if you fit in that shoe
Ooh boo you can come and get in that coupe
Take a hit of that fruit, get high with Wayne
Fly with Birdman Jr., wave hi to planes
Say bye to lanes don't buy they game
If he ain't scored in the first half bench his ass
If you play wit my money I'm a lynch ya ass
I'll John Lynch ya shit don't tempt me bitch Oh!
Wipe me down cause I'm filthy rich
If gettin moneys a crime then I'm guilty bitch
And that ain't fair but I don't care
I'm a motherfuckin Cash Money Millionare Yeah!

[Hook 2x

(verse 3)
I sit low in the car, sit high in the truck
Lay at the front of the plane, lay at the back of the bus
Got ladies fa days, got women fa months
Leave ya girl at home I made 21
Got that thing on chrome blade 21
Got them thangs inside make me empty one
Pull it ova to the side by a pretty one, like
Whats good mami come make a cloud yo pillow, come fly wit me
My diamonds sing, my weed is rap
Call me Weezy Da King or call me Weezy Da Crack
If pimpin is dead then I'm bringin it back
Matter fact it neva died so I take that back
If ya shoes too small shawty take that back
Cause you gon walk all day till you make that back
And that ain't fair but I don't care
I'm a motherfuckin Cash Money Millionaire Yeah!

(hook) 2x

Who you think you fuckin wit....(repeats)

Whats really good moma. Its ya boy W.a.e.z.y.F. Baby
So high in the sky I'm so fly watch out fa the power lines ya know!
Get wit me...One
Pimp Daddy!

I'm a motherfuckin Cash Money Millionaire, naire, naire... (repeats 4x)

***

TRACK: Inside

[Intro]
I came back around, I came back around, I came back around
Tha Carter, motherfucker
It's Tha Carter, man
Right now we still in the kitchen, man
You checking out them bitches' booties, right? I know
Yeah, but let's move on, man, I got plenty more house to show you, man
Plenty more Carter to give you
You know? Let's go, man

[Verse]
Now let me show you upstairs
Got the glass house floor to let me know who up there
Look down and you see your reflection
You ain't gotta know who down here
You just know you protected
Ay mane, how I don't know you connected?
Here's a little morphine, let me see you inject it
That's right, little wodie respect this
Understand me or get cha mammy a deathwish
Part I, Part II, Part III
All the parts of Godfather, all a part of me
If you look to the wall you see
A few gagged up, tied up, scared pricks
Got 'em facing the wall like they was on Blair Witch
I ain't Jason at all but it get scary 'bout my chips (yeah)
And in here is where I keep the bricks
Acknowledge Lil Marley in the hallway
He got the clips
Don't shoot 'em, Marley

[Outro]
Yeah, that's my little dude Marley, man
He hold me down, you know what I'm talking about?
I'll show you the rest of the house later, man
You wait right here, I'll be back
Carter, Carter, Carter

***

TRACK: Bring It Back

[Intro: Mannie Fresh]
Ladies and gentlemen, people with jobs, people without jobs
Middle class, upper class, high class, all that
Cats, snakes, chickens, ducks, elderly people, and twerkers
I presents to you
Fresh, fresh, fresh, fresh, fre, fre, fresh
DJ Mannie Fresh, fresh, fre, fresh
Mannie Fresh, fre, fresh
DJ Mannie Fre, fre, fresh, young ladies

[Hook x2: Mannie Fresh]
Put ya hands on ya knees and bend ya rump
Put ya back in, back out, do the hump

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Well, I'm fly as a son of gun, son of a stunna
Yeah, high as a 757 going to heaven
Who, Weezy F, ya reverend, preach about me
I'm the god, 1-7, Apple and E
I'm the Cash Money Makaveli, y'all ain't ready
Quick, fast like Tom Petty, y'all just petty
'82, I was born ready, I'm too ready
Y'all Betty Crocker baller blockers, I'm too heavy
Meatball, Lamborghini, top spaghetti
Seats Ragu, twenty the shoe
Boo, me and you got plenty to do
I don't need no pool, I'm swimming in you
And I sleep with the sharks, shawty, on that water water
In the Beamer, eight hundred forty, mama, shake something for me
And it don't make sense if it don't make that money
I'mma take that money, I'm straight Cash Money

[Hook x2: Mannie Fresh]

[Post-Hook x3: Lil Wayne]
Whodi, I bring it back, whodettes, to the bottom of the maps

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
I take off my brim
Moment of silence for the homeboy Soulja Slim
Fronting 'round here will get ya back chopped off
We do our own thing, we don't act like y'all
I say, black white walls with the back swiped off
Y'all lil bustas just a tax write-off
I'm a stand up guy, not the type that fall
We don't breed them kind, but they bleed just fine
Weezy the Don, homie, read between the lines
If ya can't, boy, read my nine
I'm going hard in the paint like Diesel time
Either I'm the illest cat doing it or these cats is losing it
I be easy, fall back and be cool with it
Pallbearer is moving his dead flow, I'm through with it
I'm the sh--naw, naw, I'm sewer-rich
Weezy F Baby, I do's this

[Hook x2: Mannie Fresh]

[Post-Hook x3: Lil Wayne]

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
An old school gangsta, mack like the 80s
I look like Cita and act like Baby
You play with me, I react like the navy
Or better yet the army, you gon' need them for me
Yeah, and your head is a bleeping target
You don't want me to see you with my peeping Tommys
Wizzle Fizzle, I keep in New Orleans
Sleeping with women that sleep with the Hornets
A country boy in something foreign
'Bout a hundred thousand more than what you're in
You're not 'bout it, you freeze up like popsicles
Pop up on bicycles, pop y'all like spot pimples
Wizzle Fizzle, original Hot Bizzle
Still Lil Wayne, but the dividend's not little
Don't be surprised how the crown fit him
Uh, get down, uh, get down for the young Pac footprints

[Hook x2: Mannie Fresh]

[Post-Hook x3: Lil Wayne]

[Outro x2: Lil Wayne]
The best rapper alive since the best rapper retired

***

TRACK: Who Wanna

[Intro]
Somebody call the slick police
Capitol W
Weezy Baby
This is the Carter man
Brim low all I can see is the flo' now let's go!
Raj ya bangin 'em in the.. Raj I say ya bangin 'em in the..
Raj I say ya bangin 'em in the head wit this one cut!
Weezy Weezy say guard ya face bitch
Weezy say guard ya neck bitch
Weezy Baby this is the Carter

[Verse 1]
I move it from a eighth to a slab from a slab to a quarter
From a quarter to a half from a half to a hard one
You do the math it's a horror
While I be on the ave gettin off one nineteen for a soft one
Bricks I loft 'em catch him he hot
If I catch you without my scratch I'm stretchin ya out
If you catch me without the burner burn me
I beg of you shoot off the leg of you and kick ya in the ass
I'm dyin of doom I say I'm sick with cash
These eyes are real see straight through ya liquid ass
You see me straight through the glass house picnic wagon
You could see it by my bitch face she thick with ass
Get slick slick I click click blast on ya bitch ass
Squad up shit click or smash on ya bitch ass
Smash on ya bitch ass
Now pick the grass up out ya ass and the caps out ya cap Aye!

[Hook x2]
Who wanna fuck wit me tell 'em I'm waitin for 'em
Who wanna fuck wit me tell 'em I'm waitin for 'em
Who gon fuck wit me I got the blazer for 'em
Who gon fuck wit me do you wanna fuck wit me Naw!

[Verse 2]
Hustle boy sell a nick to ya mom I'll sell a brick out ya house
I'll sell a brick to a house nigga
I'll send a clip to ya mouth back of the gun to ya nose
Front of the gun to ya clothes I let it rip and I bounce
Lights off young Teddy Pender is out
Mask on scare the fuck out ya but ya ass grown
I wasn't born with no silver spoon
But I can heat it in a spoon and pitch it in a balloon
Tomb sittin in ya room sing for me
But if ya don't gimmie no tune the semi go boom
But if ya dont hear me doe fool the semi go boom
I'm try to make moves but they gimmie no room
I takes my space I blaze the haze take ya babe to space
She gimmie amazing face I sung Amazing Grace
I was once lost but now I'm found
Full of them pounds is how I'm found Aye!

[Hook x2]

[Bridge]
Oh! Oh! Bang 'em in the head, whoa!
Oh! Oh! Bang 'em in the face, whoa!
Oh! Oh! Bang 'em in the neck, whoa!
Brim low all I can see is the flo' now let's go!

[Verse 3]
I know how to cook so I buy it soft
I also sell it soft depending the cost
You know thats shells they toss defending they boss
They wipes 'em well across ya dentures like floss
You know I smell ya talk and I swear I knows bullshit and pussy near or far
Ya'll niggas better gear up for the comin of the boy
From a young'n to a boy to young boy boy
I dump toys boy at ya punk boy toys
Take the pump out the trunk take a chunk out a chump
Baby what have I done I created a monster
Weezy Baby a gangster no wankster
Hell naw I smell ya'll
Didn't know Jam Master well but I rocks with my shells on
And the block still a hell zone
Get a helmet for you and ya gal's dome I suggest! Aye!

[Hook x2]

[Outro]
Bang 'em in da head whoa!
Bang 'em in da face whoa!
Bang 'em in da neck whoa!
Brim low all I can see is the flo' now let's go
Bang 'em in da head whoa!
Bang 'em in da face whoa!
Bang 'em in da neck whoa!
Brim low all I can see is ya ho now let's go

***

TRACK: On the Block #2

Woman:
Wassup shorty you still hangin round this bitch huh?

Dude:
Man i told you i gotta do me shorty, say, wassup wit all dem people round there?

Woman:
Man i told you them niggas was wiggin off dem pills round here

Dude:
Who dat?

Woman:
Man they left old boy leakin last night

Dude:
What boy was this?

Woman:
Man you know that bitch used to be swingin round tha block in all them whips, bitch thinkin he stunna and shit

Dude:
Man ain't that cold? what you bout to get into?

Woman:
Man i'm gonna listen to tha carter ii f**k this bullshit

Dude:

***

TRACK: Get Down

[Intro: Birdman & Lil Wayne]
Weezy
What up pop. What up pop
Fuck what they heard it's what they need to know nigga
(They sayin C.A.R.T.E.R. yep!)
Ya feel me. Hey nigga we done built this shit from the ground up now homie
Believe that daddy. It ain't no lookin back from here. We too strong

[Chorus]
And thats the only way we get down (We get down)
Cause thats the only way we was taught (We was taught)
And everything we got we bought (We bought)
And real niggas still shine in the dark (Still shine in the dark yea)
And thats the only way we get down (We get down)
And thats the only way we was taught (We was taught)
And everything we got we bought (We bought)
And real niggas still shine in the dark (Still shine in the dark fuck a law Oh!)
Cause thats the only way we get down

[Verse 1]
I down down a brother we ain't cut from the same cloth you Downy soft
Bullets separate ya body compound a busta
I'mma find ya if ya hidin I'm a bounty hunter
In ya home puttin dick all down ya woman
You come home we in the bedroom countin money
I bring her home and I fuck her on a thousand hundreds
Then I shoot the nasty bitch in the mouth for nothin
I say Birdman Birdman whats good today
We ain't never let them niggas take our food away
And we recognize real and got a rude awakenin
And woke up together and our life was better
I'm the Cash Money son I never like fa cheddar
Not a rat though hat low Nike is leather
Lil maw twist to get my life together
Ya bitch meet me at the bar and we night together Cut!

[Chorus]
And thats the only way we get down (We get down)
Cause thats the only way we was taught (We was taught)
And everything we got we bought (We bought)
And real niggas still shine in the dark (Still shine in the dark yea)
And thats the only way we get down (We get down)
And thats the only way we was taught (We was taught)
And everything we got we bought (We bought)
And real niggas still shine in the dark (Still shine in the dark fuck a law Oh!)
Cause thats the only way we get down

[Verse 2]
Throw my weight like Sherman Klump
I gotta hold up my estate like Donald Trump
And I aim kinda straight when it's time to pump
I bring the pump when it's time to punk
Wrapped around my waist like a cumber bun
Dont make a nigga pump (clap clap) you up!
I come in that new thing she threw up
Now yo' bitch ass gotta clean yo' shoe up
I'm rich as fuck and I never blew up
Buisness mug gotta get my loot up
Bet ya bitch get fucked if I ever met her
Bet ya ditch get dug you ever step up
One by one I push 'em down
Fat bullet fat head make a pussy sound
Hard head soft ass make a gushy ground
I'm straight from a crooked town
Like that bitch!

[Chorus]
And thats the only way we get down (We get down)
Cause thats the only way we was taught (We was taught)
And everything we got we bought (We bought)
And real niggas still shine in the dark (Still shine in the dark yea)
And thats the only way we get down (We get down)
And thats the only way we was taught (We was taught)
And everything we got we bought (We bought)
And real niggas still shine in the dark (Still shine in the dark fuck a law Oh!)
Cause thats the only way we get down

[Verse 3]
I give my arms and my legs to the game I'm ahead of the game
I dead any mane if he said any thing but it's cool as long as nigga paid when he came
And I'm a fool wit the flame and the caine
Cut it just a little bit but the drain stay the same yea
Young Wayne and the pain and the stain still remain
On the chest where the four made a mess, yes
I'm still here in the flesh 21 year old legend I'mma live way after my death
I sacrifice whateva thats left
I give ya'll the last of my breath like..(exhales)
Write it down take a picture record a copy
Press pause only way you stop me fucker
I'mma get mine and make you not me
Spit wine at ya face if you watch me Bitch!

[Chorus]
And thats the only way we get down (We get down)
Cause thats the only way we was taught (We was taught)
And everything we got we bought (We bought)
And real niggas still shine in the dark (Still shine in the dark yea)
And thats the only way we get down (We get down)
And thats the only way we was taught (We was taught)
And everything we got we bought (We bought)
And real niggas still shine in the dark (Still shine in the dark fuck a law Oh!)
Cause thats the only way we get down

[Outro]
And thats the only way we gettin down nigga Cash Money CMB man
You already know we here neva left fuck 'em
See me if you got a problem boy
Im at home all day man. Its not a game
Stunna, whats really good wit 'em we ain't neva let 'em take our food away
Fresh you nasty on this on dawg. Ugh
This one, this is the Carter Beotch!

***

TRACK: Snitch

[Hook]
Don't let your mouth open up
Cuz you don't wanna see the handgun open up, no
Don't let your mouth open out
Cuz you don't wanna see the automatic open out, no
Don't let your mouth open up
Cuz you don't wanna see the handgun open up, no
Don't let your mouth open out
Cuz you don't wanna see the automatic open out, no

[Verse 1]
Ain't no snitches ridin wit us
Ol mo the mouth niggas could holla the front
Can't no loose slips get on my yacht
I leave player haters at the dock, watch
And your nigga help ya burn the block
As soon as you get hot nigga turn to cop
Ya settin up federal appointments now
Nigga all in court pointing out
Daddy not knowing what he doin his child
We gon mail him his finger when he get out, yea
Just to show him what we's about
Never let shit about G'z leave ya mouth, yea
You inside can't leave ya house
Two donut lovers to police ya house
I sneak past those brothers leak in ya house
And put the heat dead in yo mouth, so shut up

[Hook]
Don't let your mouth open up
Cuz you don't wanna see the handgun open up, no
Don't let your mouth open out
Cuz you don't wanna see the automatic open out, no
Don't let your mouth open up
Cuz you don't wanna see the handgun open up, no
Don't let your mouth open out
Cuz you don't wanna see the automatic open out, no

[Verse 2]
Weezy, nigga, been 'bout me
Stay low so you don't know shit bout me
Make no mistake I'm a veteran at
Me never rat mommy taught me better than that
Get a gat if you ain't got one already
If you do then you ain't got enough get two
And you could never get me nigga get you
And you ain't got to fuck me girl fuck you
I'm rollin wit my goons
And I would never roll on my nigga take that to my tune
Ain't no girl came out of mom's womb
Real nigga shit mothafucka I'm Tune
And I was taught
If a man talk about another man while that man ain't present
A man don't listen
They throwin brick but they hands is missin
Just watch what you sayin sissy

[Hook]
Don't let your mouth open up
Cuz you don't wanna see the handgun open up, no
Don't let your mouth open out
Cuz you don't wanna see the automatic open out, no
Don't let your mouth open up
Cuz you don't wanna see the handgun open up, no
Don't let your mouth open out
Cuz you don't wanna see the automatic open out, no

[Verse 3]
Ain't no telling who spillin the earl
You telling yo boy he tellin his girl
O, Now she telling the world
It ain't no secret I'm hotter than etha
But I don't neither cop shit neither
Either close yo mouth or meet the heater
We the dirty south where cocaine cheaper
You go up north nigga's boost they fee up
This where the real hustlers meet up
Look out anybody can be them people
Yo own people could be them people
No glasses can help you see them people
They around too many evil people
Detectives wanna get even equal
My desert eagle ain't even legal, but sssshhhhhhhh

[Hook]
Don't let your mouth open up
Cuz you don't wanna see the handgun open up, no
Don't let your mouth open out
Cuz you don't wanna see the automatic open out, no
Don't let your mouth open up
Cuz you don't wanna see the handgun open up, no
Don't let your mouth open out
Cuz you don't wanna see the automatic open out, no

[Outro]
Yea nigga watch the people around you watch the people away from you
Leave them niggas be let them stay from you
These niggas mouth's is runnin like hot water, I swear to God
Real niggas takin falls like Niagara
Tryna stay up like Viagra, but it ain't gon happen
These niggas is best buddies wit the 5-0 team they know the DA by name
It ain't a game - it used to be one
Its like these niggas got them big ducks in they mouth that the gynecologist
Use when yo bitch get a pap smear
That's pussy anyway
Weezy

***

TRACK: Hoes

[Hook]
Hoes, let's just talk about hoes
Can we talk about hoes, hoes
Hoes, let's just talk about hoes
Can we talk about hoes, hoes

[Mannie]
Let's Go!

[Wayne]
You gotta talk like a pimp
What's good mama, you knew better
You'd do better, who better
Than that nigga with the crisp white tee
Icy white sneaks, jeans to a fitta
You do better gettin yo ass off up in that coupe bitch
Sit yo ass on that new leather and regroup bitch
It's only me you bitch, on our way to tha stoop
I'm the Birdman Jr., you ain't know
And don't gimme that silly bullshit about you ain't, ho
I move you to my city, put yo ass in UNO
I have you looking pretty hit the ave. now get tha dough
That Gucci gon fit cha like you posed to be in pictures
I got computer love baby Wayne a change ya image
You need Weezy, them other boys just gimmicks
Me, I'm just game, green, and straight physics, Is ya wit it?
Yea, I ain't even tryin ta hit it
I'mma get it when it's time ta get it
Let's talk about

[Hook]
Hoes, let's just talk about hoes
Can we talk about hoes, these hoes
I don't love 'em
Hoes, let's just talk about hoes
Can we talk about hoes, these hoes
Motherfuck 'em

[Wayne]
Ladies and gentlemen, the great Manuella

[Mannie]
I got this rat named Shelly that love Makavelli
Number 5 combo meals and splashin KY jelly
I have old school shorty, still drink a forty
Grab the mic, start a fight, and fuck up the whole party
Baby you should leave, adjust yo weave
That's velcro, hell no, bitch go wit Steve
I got this lead singer bitch from a popular group
I would say her name, but she bought me a coupe
Got this super ho Shawna, smell like marijuana
How she dig Lil Wayne, but she love the Big Tymers
Got pretty girl Patrice found out I'm fuckin her niece
She tried to stab me, so I grabbed her and we called the police
Mister Officer, the bitch done lost it bruh
She goin to jail, oh well, I be fuckin her
See two dyke Spanish twins nuts pressed on they chin
Will we go video, well nigga, that depends

[Hook]

I got old school bitches and new school hoes
Female basketball players with cornrolls
And I don't like short-haired girls, no not really
If I do, she gotta look like the old Halle Berry
Or the broke Toni Braxton, the first Lil Kim
But I still take hood rats and work with them
Put yo ass in a jag and I drop ya quick
Give ya ass a lil game, if ya smirk ya in
I'm a pimp, not a simp, like ice in my drink
And I don't think twice or blink cause I'm focused
Rollin in the whitest mink like I'm polar
Bear, yea, let down my hair
Get jazzy on a bitch like Fred Astaire
Rose gold in her face get her red as glare
My Bentley plum, my Mercedes pear
I am lookin for a freak, mama take me there, yea

[Hook] 2x

***

TRACK: Only Way

[Intro: Birdman]
Ay Wayne
I know this bullshit that I'm hearing ain't true right
Ya feel me
These niggas out here picking bullshit over money nigga
But you know what fuck a nigga
We gone keep grinding this shoe box is full

[Hook: Birdman]
The only way we get it only way we know to get it
Off the block, off the clip, off the cain nigga
The only way we live it only way we know to live it
On the grind tote a nine do yo thang nigga
The only way we get it only way we know to get it
Off the block, off the clip, off the cain nigga
The way we live it is the only way we know to live it
On the grind tote a nine do yo thang nigga

[Verse 1]
Well I'm a 17 nigga got that hollygrove in me
It ain't coming to me so I gotta go get it
You ain't fucking with me I got the hottest flow nigga
There ain't nothing to see because I'm not in yo vision
On and I'm gone get fed up one day
Put lead up in the K
Come and hit up where ya stay so
Baby momma betta get up out the way
Cause the bullet got no heart
And the trigger man crazy
Little man if a bigger man jumps through
Then I'm in the hood with the pump in the truck looking
But if you ain't in them cuts or on them benches
Im a park the fucking truck and knock yo door off the henges
Yes weezy baby flow off the henges
So off the tempo no pad or pencil
Well let me go back to what men do
Throwback Benz purple, Throw back 22's Bitch

[Hook: Birdman]
The only way we get it only way we know to get it
Off the block, off the clip, off the cain nigga
The only way we live it only way we know to live it
On the grind tote a nine do yo thang nigga
The only way we get it only way we know to get it
Off the block, off the clip, off the cain nigga
The way we live it is the only way we know to live it
On the grind tote a nine do yo thang nigga

[Verse 2]
Weezy F. Baby hand cocked
Demand my cheese
Fuck you pay me
And I can't stop
Please, what you crazy?
Man I'm a get it like the man on the chorus
Got my hand on a fortune
Bang at ya porches, Bang at ya window
Kidnapp ya neighbors, torture ya kinfolk
And tell the cops I murder the infoer
Leave him on the precinct steps in a pillow
Niggas wanna keep they breath then tell 'em get low
I got ten left in the tech so what they here fo
Nigga you ain't scaring nothin weezy been a tiger in the jungle since a cub
With my paws in the mud, yeah me and my paw in the mud
Interior mayback like what, Bitch nigga!
It's the Birdman and Birdman Jr
And he ain't got to, his son'll shoot ya, blow!

[Hook: Birdman]
The only way we get it only way we know to get it
Off the block, off the clip, off the cain nigga
The only way we live it only way we know to live it
On the grind tote a nine do yo thang nigga
The only way we get it only way we know to get it
Off the block, off the clip, off the cain nigga
The way we live it is the only way we know to live it
On the grind tote a nine do yo thang nigga

[Verse 3]
Homeboy you gotta know that avenue
To get off a bag or two or you just passin through
True true, and we just passed the truth
Passin through the streets of the murder capital
Where you think ya own brothers after you
So you ain't got no other brother after you
Dont let the boys in blue capture you
Cause they got pictures of me at it too
It's all fucked up
Bossman Weezy get y'all touched up
Gat blacked ya face like ya run into a wall or something
Its cash money all or nothing
Its Lil Wayne the reverand call it Sunday
The congregation know I come with nothing
But leave with everything, I ain't come for nothing
And the choir know I come with money
And y'all know I'm Stunnas youngin like dat bitch

[Hook: Birdman]
The only way we get it only way we know to get it
Off the block, off the clip, off the cain nigga
The only way we live it only way we know to live it
On the grind tote a nine do yo thang nigga
The only way we get it only way we know to get it
Off the block, off the clip, off the cain nigga
The way we live it is the only way we know to live it
On the grind tote a nine do yo thang nigga

***

TRACK: Earthquake

(Jazze Pha)
[Lil' Wayne]
[Speak to them Jazze]
I
[Yea fly guy]
I'm way more fly than you
[That's right]
I'll take your dime from you
[That's right]
Now she wanna spend all night with me
[She wanna wake up with Weezy-F baby]
Let me be the one that you roll with too, baby
[Throw it back ma, throw it back, throw it back, throw it back ma]
I'd like to spend the rest of my night with you
[Yea so how bout you, so how bout you]

[Lil' Wayne]
I'll take your bitch give her back; take your bitch again
That's because you throw a 5 I pitch a 10
Now she wanna get inside of me 66
She sees that my wrist is blue and yellow like Michigan
She say she love her man she misses him
But nobody do it better than her distance dick (me)
I'm her long distance pimp
When I land my bitches want for me on the strip (yup)
And I don't lie I confess, I'm the one who turn that orange vest to a dress
Gotta dress to impess though, Gotta stay clean, plus mammi in a Lex 4
She with me, what you expect, I live to be fly to death
It's the Birdman Jr., sincerely yours
When it rains it pours, when it Waynes it whores

(Chorus)
[Lil' Wayne]
Now why you wanna go do that
I can see through that
Tattoo right there like I view that
Girl what that say, what who that
Bet he was lame, bet he Lil' Wayne (no)
Cus I'm way more flyer
Have you hanging round a bunch of yayo buyers (nop)
And not a day go by us, we don't get high than the telephone wires
Cut your telephone we riding where phones don't roam they don't even come on
You're far from home so leave it alone
You creeping with the king of the throne
You sleeping in a tee and a thong
With your hair in a pony
I ain't got no blinds we can stare at the morning (yup)
But I can't be there all morning
Girl I'm a pimp, I'm going, going, going, gone

(Chorus)
[Lil' Wayne]
I'm sorry I was grooving
Gotta love that laid back Mannie Fresh music
But let's get back to what we were doing
Laid back in that black on plat Ewing's
That's 33 tires he fire
These streets ain't papaya ma
You gotta keep heat on your side
2 must
So I'm a get 3 more and cop you one
Wait, naw hun cus you ain't exempt
If your ass ever trip I'll give you a clip (yea)
But I love the way your jeans suck in your hip
And you walk kinda mean how you strut with a dip
And you talk kinda clean and you lick your lips
But I can't fall for you cus I stick to the scrip (yup)
I said I stick to my grip; I stick to my money, that's life to me
Sorry honey Jazze

(Chorus)
[Lil' Wayne]
So how bout you yea
So how bout you
See what I'm talking bout sweet heart you ain't even gotta have John Madden
You ain't gotta have Dick Vitale, you ain't gotta Lee Corso
You ain't gotta have Stuart Scott, you ain't gotta have Linda Cohn
Know what I'm talking bout, you ain't gotta have the staff of ESPN
You ain't gotta have ABC staff just to talk sports baby cus I got game
Just fuck with the boy and I'll get you a jersey
What you want me to put on the back
Daddy's little that's right, see what I'm talking bout
I can't give you the game but I can show the game
And you can see what you see and peek how you peek and get what you get
Know what I'm talking bout
Weezy

***

TRACK: Ain't That a Bitch

Hey Hey Hey!

[Hook]
Because the cops is watchin the streets is talkin
Ya hoes is unfaithful ya family ungreatful
Ya niggas ain't loyal you niggas ain't lawyers
And everybody saw you and ain't that a bitch!

And this here is the Carter oh! yo! And this here is the Carter yo! oh!
This one here is just to clarify the fact that I'm a muthafuckin mack
This one here is just to verify the fact that I got straps on my back
This one here is just to clarify the fact that the boy is back! Oh!

[Verse One]
Slick as I wanna be born to be hustla gonna be rich till I'm gone
Gonna keep spittin this shit for the hustlaz gonna keep livin this shit I'm gutless
Bet I'm gonna reap this when I'm gone defeat this while I'm here
Gonna keep beatin this street shit in ya ear
Gonna speak in every single street this year
My shit beat in every jeep on every street this year
Wizzle F Baby, y'all niggas can have the Weezy
I'm the Birdman Jr., junior
I'm a man to another man to a bitch I'm a pimp in the whip I'm a hundred grand
And in the streets I'm a money man
And I'm a hunt it with the streets I get money in the streets like a hundred men
A hundred proof in my other hand
If ever fall spring back like a rubber band know what I'm sayin

[Hook]
Because the cops is watchin the streets is talkin
Ya hoes is unfaithful ya family ungreatful
Ya niggas ain't loyal you niggas ain't lawyers
And everybody saw you and ain't that a bitch
The cops is watchin streets are talkin
Hoes is unfaithful ya family ungreatful
Ya niggas ain't loyal you niggas ain't lawyers
And everybody saw ya and ain't that a bitch

[Verse Two]
Now all the bitches got me strollin wit my dick in my hand
And these niggas got me rollin with my clip on my hip
But this is my land so prick dont trip cause K's dont jam and a nigga dont miss
They tellin me I'm the shit like a nigga dont piss
But nigga dont slip cause I'll kill a punk bitch Word Up!
And I dont affiliate with niggas I dont love neither bitches just money and drugs nigga
Leave ya bitches ya money and drugs nigga
Three to ya wisdom five more to ya mug nigga
How many more do ya love nigga
Cause I got plenty more to give out I ain't never been a mouthpiece
Ask ya reverend 'bout me, I'm the Young God
Aim the shotgun at ya frame and bust boy
Brain and guts leak in the drain and such pour
Plain yuk at a fuck boy. Fuck Boy!

[Hook]

[Verse Three]
I'm a muthafuckin man so respect me as one or the tech meet ya ass son
The tech heat ya ass son put ya fuckin chest beneath ya ass son
Blooka blook blap bleep ya ass son (laughin)
Nigga tryin to see his grandson and we
Got niggas in the pen tryin to see me wit a Grammy
Wanna be me and don't even understand me
Could'nt see me even if you was standin with me
I'm that damn convincing not invisible that mans invincible
And advance a little due to the pine
My niggas call me Little Russell Crowe for my beautiful mind
And I let you do the time I do the crime
When the crowd call my name I bring my crew to the line
Nigga thats S.Q. and we fine nigga thats S.Q. and we firrin Nigga!

[Hook] - 4X

Ha! Wizzle F Baby fa ya muhfuckin neck nigga
Got Streets in da buildin Gotti in the buildin
KL, Fee Fee in the buildin Rome, DI, Ceeti...

***

TRACK: Walk Out

[Verse]
And in here is where the heroin boil
And I also got a large pot of cigarette oil
That's Embalming fluid, illiterate are you
That's ok man I got the medicine for you
I got, I got, I got the amphetamine for you
Got that vitamin D-R-U-G for your shorty
One window to let the dawn in
Cuz we hustle in this bitch midnight to morning, yea
We dump in and pump out
I showed you this window for you to jump out
You on the backyard lawn where a nigga got the ganja growin'
No cats or dogs, rats or snakes, Sams or Jakes
Aound here it's all gravy, ham and steak
Mama cookin' that up, here have a plate
That's: Mama Carter she's a basket case
But I make sure her sandwich a ndnapkins straight
You pick wit this picnic and I'm at your face, Fucka!
I say I'm at your throat, this was *Tha Carter*, slam the door, GO!

---

WORK: Tha Carter II

***

TRACK: Tha Mobb

[Intro]
Yeah
Hardbody, hardbody
Carter, Carter, Carter
Yeah, let's go

[Verse]
Cash Money, Young Money, motherfuck the other side
They can fuck with us if they want, I bring 'em homicide
Word to my mama, I'm gon' continue bombin'
Told her getting out the game is like coming out of a coma
I'm trying, but I'm normal, when this rap shit get boring
All I ask is that you pray for me (please!)
And the beat keep crying, and I'ma keep beating her
Fee, I'm fucking her, I'm deep in her, sleep in her
And what happens when the Reaper come?
I'm just hoping that he sends that elevator up
I made enough, I ain't make shit
So while I'm here, I'ma take that and take this
Breakfast, yes; let's eat, wipe your mouth when you finished
Then hunt for the lunch and dinner
No beginner to the criminal activity
Fuck with them, they rushing in like Seminoles, Indians
No bow and arrows, Harold
Just Ninas, Gina, just choppers, Robert
Carter II, tell me how is you gon' stop a riot?
I lock and seal it, I'm the best, I can feel it
I'm in the lead, I could pop a wheelie
Not for rookies, late bloomers stay in the womb
I'm here motherfucker, make room; boom
Young Tune, the big kahuna
It's my ocean baby, y'all niggas is tuna
Better now than sooner, Junior
Flying 'round your city, tryna take a number two on ya
I ain't going nowhere special, I won't never leave
Shit, I'm already a legend if I ever leave
Can't get rid of me, not little me
Man I got 'em, I'ma get 'em B (I got 'em, B!)
I'm hungry like I didn't eat
I want it like I didn't see a mill' before 17
What the fuck you niggas telling me?
You pups can't keep up with the pedigree
Catch me where the weather be
Somewhere in the 70s, call myself settling
Palm trees, promethazine, but, what's new?
Sometimes I can't cut through that rough loop
Get fucked so many times 'til it's "Fuck you"
So, how you wanna do it baby? We can get it
All you gotta do is say it and I'm with it
Money and murder, you my nigga, my jelly preserver
I'ma ride, baby, 'til the judge give me a verdict, yeah
Hear me or heard me, I get it and serve it
'Cause every time I did it, I hit it and hurt it, yeah
Now I kill it, the mission accomplished
The niggas abolished, the bitches astonished
And then they pay homage, when did they find it?
But now that they know it's a must I remind 'em
So they don't forget it, I underline it
And I'm in the sky when the thunder's cryin', young'n
I been through all that, I done done what you sayin'
I put it down when the others was playin'
When the jungle was open, I rolled in with the riders
Stole food from the bears, and brought it back to the lions
Hold court with the apes, I'm a gorilla but lighter
Got the eye of a tiger, the heart of a fighter, yeah
Start 'em, ignite 'em, I walk through fire
Watch the flames start multiplyin', woo, yeah
Alter a nigga, Nina, talk to a nigga
Take a chunk out your body like a shark bit a nigga
I'm awkward like Cartwright, fuck with a nigga
Shot ugly, but my arch right; come on, dawg – bark, bite
Fork in the road, I'm always going right
Nowadays, knowing life, ain't no more road lights
We can't see, but we gon' make it to the finish line
It's right there, the goal line, right behind the scrimmage line
Touchdown, check the scoreboard, gimme mines
Semi-9 fit me fine, hit a nigga twenty times
Damn, then one more to the face (Bow!)
Just so they close the casket like I pay to close the case
I'm made, straight Mafia shit, front line, top rank
Ready to die for my shit, and the obvious shit –
If I talk about my rivalry they probably get rich
So fuck 'em, I'ma let 'em sit
And I ain't ducking 'cause I'm right here, I'm just enough
I don't care who at the top of the stairs, I'm stepping up
See you fucking up the money, baby, and that ain't good business
You're starting to look like a witness
And this is for the gangstas and the bitches
The hustlers and the hoes
Crossover? Whatever – Mainstream? No
'Cause Wayne thinks silent, Wayne'll never fold
You heard it right here if the game was ever told
Lift up your toes, and look under a rug
Trust me, that's history under all that dust
So deep down in the dirty, there lies us
Yeah, Cash Money Records, and I'm still up front
Stunna, pop a bottle, baby, peel us a blunt
Let's eat and talk about all of the niggas we cut
But, you know what? Let's not fuck up our lunch
That's real shit if you ever seen such, church
Tha Mobb, nigga

***

TRACK: Fly In

[Intro]
So they ask me
"Young boy: What you gonna do the second time around?
How you gon' come back?"
I tried told 'em: I come back like 32
I jump back like 33! Ugh!
Hit me! That's nothin'
This here's Tha Carter II, people
This is Tha Carter II, people

[Verse]
Hey! They call me Mr. Carter, I kissed the daughter
Of the dead's forehead, I killed the father
Spilled the heart of a mildew hater
I will put them body on chill like glaciers, gracias
I'm crazy, yes, it's obvious, going against me is atheist
I got my angels on my shoulder and a quarter of that angel dust
I ain't sniffin', I'm just pitchin', ya honor, I ain't snitchin', ya honor
Hate bitch niggas, bitches with power
Vacate when that kitchen get hotter
I just sit on the counter, open the cabinet, close the cupboard
Put that jar in the skillet, drop a fo' in the bubbles
I remember being young, tryna hustle my dope
Tryna tell the old junkies that my crack ain't soap
Trying to tell you 'fore you jump that my Mac ain't broke
You ain't trying to see how far that black back lane go, no!
Call me Pac-Man, your ghosts is blue
I got my red river rubies and my ocean blue jewelry
Usually I'm a hooligan for the money
Yeah, I'm eating, but I got a tapeworm in my tummy, oh!
Make harm and I bomb you in public
Hit you with the straight-arm, no warning, nothing
Look, it's morning, no yawning or nothing
I ain't sleeping, I'm up, tryna take a nigga lunch
You gon' make a nigga break a nigga fronts
Then shake a nigga shorts and we taking what we want
I'm so 504 you got to kill me here
If you ever looking for me, bitch, I will be here
Cash Money is an army, Navy Seal me here
Lot of niggas ran from me but I still be here
No chrome on the Continental, I'm so fundamental
Crack the Phil', crack the roof and roll up the windows
And my hood love me, they tell me bring it home
That's why I holla Hollygrove on each and every song
You leaping at a dog, a dog with no bark
Just a bite like an old shark
And all you rich niggas know Pa, I'm talking 'bout Stunna
He like "Keep your dough", he got ya ho
And the sun shines on the King and sets on the Prince
I met the Birdman, and I been shining ever since
Like that!

***

TRACK: Money on My Mind

[Intro]
Yeah
(Money on my mind) That's right
(So money is all I think of) That's right
(Money on my mind) Bitch, you know
(So money is all I think of) Bitch, bitch, ayy

[Verse 1]
Stepping out the motherfucking car, they in awe
I'm looking like a star, bitch, when you see me make a wish
Holla at your motherfucking boy, J.R
Birdman my pa, bitch, ball bred, born rich (yeah)
Dear Mr. Toilet, I'm the shit
Got these other haters pissed, 'cause my toilet paper thick
I know, but trip and that .40 make a chip
Out a potato-head wimp, then, like ranch, I dip (gone)
And the hustle is all muscle, just strength
When it comes to that weight I don't struggle, I just lift (one-two)
I got my hand on the game, yeah I make a grip
Hundred grand in my fist, same on my wrist
Get ki money from a quarter, blame it on my wrist
I whip coke like hoes, nigga, I'm a pimp
Lil nigga 'bout to rape the market
If we talking 'bout money, baby, now we talking

[Hook]
Yeah, fuck bitches, fuck bitches, fuck bitches
Get money, get money, get money
Get money, fuck bitches
Fuck bitches, get money
Fuck bitches, get money

[Verse 2]
Nigga, get it in a slump, if you know how
In the heart of the summer, we need a snow plow
What you know about that? Baby, it's your time
Coke transactions on the phone, we call it "blow jobs"
Too fast for the feds, too cocky for the cops
Had to ditch my old bitch, getting sloppy with the pots (bitch!)
Hopping off the boat, meeting Papi at the docks
He tell me I'm gaining weight, I tell him I'm getting paid
Money Over Bitches, I'm yelling it to the grave
Developed at a young age, go after what pays
These Gabbana sunshades block the sun rays
I drop a car note in the mall on the first date
I gotta get it even if it's in the worst way
That cake, like it's-it's my birthday
New Orleans my birthplace, ya heard me?
Where money's more important than a person

[Hook]
Yeah, fuck bitches, fuck bitches, fuck bitches
Get money, get money, get money
Get money, fuck bitches
Fuck bitches, get money
Fuck bitches, get money

[Verse 3]
Twisting up a blunt, thinking 'bout my next dollar
I'm digging in the game tryna get some money out her
I'm so vain it's a problem
There ain't a stain on these Pradas, I'm just being modest
Got me a goddess, show her how to divide it
She still down and she don't get none of the profit
Wheel around the city, let the tints hide me
"That's a cold motherfucker, whoever inside it"
Forever symbolizing the grind, it don't walk to you
I make it run like horses do
Giddy-up, baby, if he got it, then hit him up, baby
I know it's crazy, but I can't get enough, baby
I love it, I fucking love it
I'm a self-made millionaire, fuck the public
Riding to myself, 'cause I don't fuck with nothing
Pistol on my lap on the way to the money!

[Hook]
Yeah, fuck bitches, fuck bitches, fuck bitches
Get money, get money, get money
Get money, fuck bitches
Fuck bitches, get money
Fuck bitches, get money

***

TRACK: Fireman

[Intro]
Weezy Baby
(Shh, the Fireman comin')
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeaah; yea!
Uh-oh, I'm back, that's right
Birdman! They gon' have to call the law
Uh-uh! I'm back! What ya gon' do now?

[Hook]
I'm the Fireman, Fire, F-Fireman
I got that fire, I'm hollering, I got that fire, come and try me, and
You can spark it up and I'mma put you out
(Get 'em) You can spark it up and I'mma put you out

[Verse 1]
Ain't nobody fuckin' with me man, Heatman, ski mask
Spending next week's cash, he fast
And I don't even need a G pass, I'm past that
I'm passing 'em out now, and you can't have that
And my chain, Toucan Sam that
Tropical colors, you can't match that, gotta be abstract
You catch my girl legs open, better smash that (what?)
Don't be surprised if she ask where the cash at (boy!)
I see she wearing them jeans that show her butt crack
My girls can't wear that! Why? That's where my stash at
I put my mack down, that's where you lack at
She need her candle lit, and I'mma wax that
I rekindled the flame, she remembered the name
It's Weezy Baby, January, December, the same
Mama gimme that brain, mama gimme that gut
'Cause I'm the fireman, you hear the firetruck

[Hook]
I'm the Fireman, Fire, F-Fireman
I got that fire, I'm hollering, I got that fire, come and try me, and
You can spark it up and I'mma put you out
(Get 'em) You can spark it up and I'mma put you out

[Verse 2]
Fresh on campus, it's the Birdman Junior
Money too long, teachers put away your rulers
Raw Tune, not a cartoon
No shirt, tattoos, and some war wounds
(Sexy!) I'm hot, but the car cool
She wet, that's a carpool
Been in that water since a young'n, you just shark food
Quick Draw McGraw, I went to art school
Yeah the lights is bright, but I got a short fuse, don't snooze
Been handling the game so long my thumbs bruised
Your new girlfriend is old news
You ain't got enough green and she so blue
Cash Money Records, where dreams come true
Everything is easy, baby, leave it up to Weezy Baby
Put it in the pot, let it steam, let it brew
Now watch me melt; don't burn yourself, 'cause –

[Hook]
I'm the Fireman, Fire, F-Fireman
I got that fire, I'm hollering, I got that fire, come and try me, and
You can spark it up and I'mma put you out
(Get 'em) You can spark it up and I'mma put you out

[Verse 3]
Yeah, riding by myself; well, really, not really (well...)
So heavy in the trunk make the car pop a wheelie
Who? Weezy Baby, or call me Young Baby
My money 360, you only 180 (that's right!)
Half, of the game too lazy
Still sleeping on me but I'm 'bout to wake 'em, yep
I'm 'bout to take 'em to New Orleans and bake 'em, yeah
It's hot down here, take a walk with Satan, yeah
Come on mama, let the Carter make ya
Toss you like a fruit salad, strawberry-grape ya
They ball when they can, and I'm ballin' by nature
Addicted to the game, like Jordan and Payton
Y'all in the race, and me, I'm at the finish line
Been running for too long, it's time to give me mine
Straight down your chimney, in your living room, it's I
Weezy, allergic to wintertime! Hot!

[Hook]
I'm the Fireman, Fire, F-Fireman
I got that fire, I'm hollering, I got that fire, come and try me, and
You can spark it up and I'mma put you out
(Get 'em) You can spark it up and I'mma put you out

[Outro]
Yeah, I-I-I got 'em
I-I-I got 'em
Ay, B – I got 'em
Ay, T – I got 'em
Ay, Slim – I got 'em
Yeah, don't worry
Don't worry
I'mma put you out

***

TRACK: Mo' Fire

[Hook]
Mo' fire, Weezy
Mo' fire
Mo' fire, give 'em
Mo' fire

[Verse 1]
I diddy bop, my fitty cocked
My city hot, I'm dodging the city cop
I play 'em like Pitty Pat, yeah, I'm kicking back
Yeah, I'm getting stacks, these bitches is really rats
I fuck 'em and give 'em back, yeah, I really mack
Yeah, how real is that? You love 'em you really wack
I hustle and bend my back, my muscle is intact
My biceps and triceps is ahh, yes

[Hook]
Mo' fire, Weezy
Mo' fire
Mo' fire, I give 'em
Mo' fire

[Verse 2]
I'm coming through, in something new
The color is smurf blue, I'm puffing that purple
Believe it; if I talk it, I walk it, like Herschel
I get it like it is on a commercial, verse two
This is verse two; it is worse, too
I'll murk you like I birthed you
You niggas small bubbles, I'll burp you
And spit you out and have your girlfriend slurp you
My jewelry earth blue, some say it's earth green
I'm like; whatever, my shit mean and obscene
Now I've been seen on a lot of different scenes
That mean I got a lot of different cream

[Hook]
Mo' fire, Weezy
Mo' fire
Mo' fire, I give 'em
Mo' fire, yeah

[Verse 3]
I raise more fire to the man up higher
I lick a shot to let Him know that I'm a rider
My dreads hang to let Him know that I'm a lion
Represent the jungle when the others just tryin'
I represent my mother like "Baby, stop cryin'"
I know my papa gone but guarantee he see I shinin', yeah
Now you are looking at New Orleans' finest
Now you are being blinded by European diamond
And you are seein' two-or-three times, and
Got your vision all fucked up, now you can't even find me
And I ain't even hidin', naw, I'm right here baby
She wanna walk and shit, I'm like "Yeah, baby"
Batty man, get the shotty to his head
Rock-a-bye his ass to sleep, rock it, lay him down to bed
I'll put you in my pocket, right next to the condoms, homie
You ain't nothing but a profit, shit

[Hook]
Mo' fire, Weezy
Mo' fire
Mo' fire, I give 'em
Mo' fire

[Outro]
Yeah, mo' fire
Mo' fire, Weezy
Mo' fire
Mo' fire, give 'em
Mo' fire

***

TRACK: On tha Block #1 (Skit)

Ay man, I'm, I'm walkin' on South Beach the other day, right
You know the Memorial Day weekend shit thing
Yeah, so they got a nigga come up to me with a video camera, right
And you know motherfuckers come up to me with cameras every day so I don't be trippin'

All day every day you know what I mean?
So you know what this nigga asked me?
"Yo, can I battle you on camera?"
I was like, "Dawg, how much we gon' make for this?"
You, you really think, yo, yo

For all you niggas thinkin' y'all can see me and think it's really a game
Cause I'm from the south or don't really be boastin' and braggin' 'bout that flow and shit
Dawg I got this shit, dawg, you niggas think you could fuck with me?

***

TRACK: Best Rapper Alive

[Intro]
Fuck with me? Thank you, come on, yeah
Yeah, come on, you know me man
DJ Bigg D's on track, alright
Oh Fee, I got 'em boy
Baby, Slim too, alright, Weezy Baby
You can't see me, but I see you, and I see you
Lord! I-I-I got 'em

[Verse 1]
Bring the crowd, and I'm loud in living color
It is Weezy Fuckin' Baby, got these rappers in my stomach
Yummy, I'm taking it, I ain't asking them for nothing
If you sell a million records we could battle for your money
I'd rather count a hundred thousand dollars on a Sunday
Watch a football game and bet it all on one play
Still stuntin', baby, yes I'm still flossin'
Latest car on the market with the top peeled off it
Big wheels make it look a little bulky
You look a little salty, have yourself a chilled coffee
Chill out, the guns is still out
Even though I am a boss and got papers to fill out
I'm busy, I got paper to reel in
God, I hope they snapping at the end of my rod
I hope I'm fishing in the right pond
And I hope you catching on to every line; Who am I?

[Hook]
The best rapper alive, the best rapper alive
The best rapper alive, the best rapper alive
Swagger right, check, game tight
And they gon' R-E-S-P-E-C-T me (Who?)
The best rapper alive, the best rapper alive
The best rapper alive, the best rapper alive
Swagger right, check, uh, game tight
And you should be afraid, be very afraid

[Verse 2]
The heart of New Orleans, thumping and beating
Living and breathing, stealing and feeding
Peeling and leaving, killing and grieving
Dearly departed, erased, deleted
No prints, no plates, no face, no trace
Out of sight, out of mind, no court, no case
Sell his chain, celebrate, block party, second line
Zulu Ball, Essence Fest, Jazz Fest, Mardi Gras
Shotty bounce, body rock, now he dropped, now he got
Family try, tell the feds, tell the cops
Smell the rat coming back to the house, to the spot
Tap-tap, knock-knock, "Who is that?" Chkk-pow!
Triggaman, hoodie man, tell the kids, Boogieman
Pistol Pete, Ammo Mammal, gunman, blum-blam!
Haha! Damn, Sammy, you done fucked up
Pussy ass niggas, put your nuts up, just call me -

[Hook]
The best rapper alive, the best rapper alive
The best rapper alive, the best rapper alive
Swagger right, check, game tight
And they gon' R-E-S-P-E-C-T me (Who?)
The best rapper alive, the best rapper alive
The best rapper alive, the best rapper alive
Swagger right, check, game tight
And you should be afraid, be very afraid

[Verse 3]
Fuck up with all these rookie MCs?
Whew! Smell like a bunch of pussy to me
Fuck 'em! Fuck 'em good! Fuck 'em long!
Fuck 'em hard! Fuck who? Fuck 'em all!
Yeah, like that, just like that, right back
I'm on that money train and that Mac'll knock 'em off track
The quarterback, well protected from the Warren Sapp
The young heart attack, I spit that cardiac
You can't see me, baby boy, you got that cataracts
I'm right here, straight out the hood just like an alley cat
Since everyone's a king, well where the fuck your palace at?
Me? I got callous on my hands, I can handle that
It's no problem, baby, I so got 'em
It's just a victory lap, baby, I'm just joggin'
Yeah, and I ain't even out of breath
The motherfuckin' best yet! Sorry for cussing. Who?

[Hook]
The best rapper alive, the best rapper alive
The best rapper alive, the best rapper alive
Swagger right, check, game tight
And they gon' R-E-S-P-E-C-T me (Who?)
The best rapper alive, the best rapper alive
The best rapper alive, the best rapper alive
Swagger right, check, game tight
And you should be afraid, be very afraid, yeah

***

TRACK: Lock and Load

[Intro: Lil Wayne (Kurupt)]
Ride with me, sweetheart
It ain't hard!
Aww, fuck them niggas, I ain't worried 'bout them
This Cash Money, baby! This the Carter 2!
Kurupt! Holla at them niggas! (Nigga!)

[Hook: Kurupt]
We won, we won
And then we shot that BB gun
And they lost, and they lost
Til we took they shit, now it's time to floss (We lock and load!)

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
22-year-old 17th Ward vet
Life in the fast-lane, little red corvette
Little red handkerchief, hangin out the right side
Back pocket jeans fallin, cover my Evisu sign
Yep we do shine, and they gon' hate
But they hated Jesus baby we won't break
So we ride like four Pirellis, so secured
No security, no protectin no comparing
Locin' and heavy, Ocean 11
Aviators, vote-takers, so fakers, ah!
No playas, I'm Holly Grove to the heart
Hollygrove from the start, don't cross Earhardt
Boulevard where the ward I come from
One-seven, one shot? Never that, blum-blum!
Brrr, brrr, pop, pop, clap, clap
What the fuck! Hollygrove, stand up! Duck! (Nigga!)

[Hook: Kurupt]
We won, we won
And then we shot that BB gun
And they lost, and they lost
Til we took they shit, now it's time to floss (We lock and load!)

[Verse 2]
Get 'em, get 'em, Weezy! Hit 'em where you kill 'em, easy
Sit 'em in the river, leave em, they find 'em tomorrow evening
Sinkin, I'm prob-ly drinkin that syrup
Thinkin I won't slip, even though I'm leanin like a broke hip
He don't know I got the nina wit the full clip
That's a somersault, backspin, full-flip for ya
Push this button, I flip out and hit something
Miss nothin, I'm just bustin until this scene clean
Twelve hundred for the jeans, stop playin
Hundred dollars for the Glock in my pants
Who the man? I am when I stand with it pointed right at ya face
Knock the brains from the back of ya neck for lack of respect, I
Strap a jet black gat 'til the death
Tell the mama to bury me with that, no bullshittin'
My hood getting kinda crazy where I be
So Ronnie's with me cuz he's the OG (Nigga!)

[Hook: Kurupt]
We won, we won
And then we shot that BB gun
And they lost, and they lost
Til we took they shit, now its time to floss (We lock and load!)

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Fresh out the back seat of the Phiggity-Phantom
The haters, I make 'em madder when I wave at 'em like, "What up?"
If it ain't about money I keep goin
I'm tryna get that green, niggas tryna mow my lawn, but fuck--
Them boys, I got the shottie on my arm
If them boys run up, I leave their bodies on the lawn
And duck the fuck outta there, 'cause baby, it's outta there
If this was a movie, it's time to roll the credits, cut!
Its all over, all of ya brains is all over the motherfuckin' block!
I'm a motherfuckin' rock!
Hardbody, Eagle Street, seventeen shots
Night vision double-clip, hot steady beam Glock
Pop! Drop, little man, drop!
This is not for little bitches, you man or a fox?
I'm layin in the drop, thinking of more money
Cash money, Young Money, take money, your money

[Hook: Kurupt]
We won, we won
And then we shot that BB gun
And they lost, and they lost
Til we took they shit, now it's time to floss (We lock and load!)

***

TRACK: Oh No

[Verse]
Yeah I play the bullshit from the backseat champ
Yeah I'm in the backseat still got the seat back
Feet back stay from where the fake be at
Niggas snitch for the shine where the patience at
Nigga make his own brother face his back
Give love and take it back
Good grief man this world is quite heavy on my aching back
Cops killing for crack you know the story snakes eat rats
Face the facts you can't change him can't shoot it if you can't aim it
Can't miss him if he kill you then you can't blame him
That's just how the dice roll when you can't fade him
Get too deep up in that water and they can't save ya
Me I come out of that water like I was just bathing
And watch my step on a wet pavement
Yea I'm from the hood so I rep 'em where I can't take em
Hollygrove Hollygrove was his last statement
So nigga get that look off your face
And recognize you got a crook in the place
They call me W-E-E crooked letter Y I'm so high
I skeet skeet in any nigga dime like she's mine
Street sweeper in the back of the hatch make me pop the latch
Leave you bloody with the cops to match
Bullet holes in ya speakers from the chopper blast
Like (Oh, no, no, oh, no, no, no) Ha!
That's bullet holes in your sneakers got you hopping back
It all stop when they hit you in ya top and back
No cocking back silly motherfucker you ain't heard bout this
The clip sink down to the dick
That's a automatic shotty from a drum they call tommy
Guaranteed to get you bitches from by me
When I hit every piece of ya visible body he leaking
Mortimer is no longer leaping he sleeping
While you pussy niggas is sleeping I'm thinking
Deep in thought the boy ain't even winking
Bob Marley got me stinking
Stacking figures I'm standing firm life's a slinky
Pipes is filled with crack cocaine
And the dope go inside of the veins from where I came
Though I bear a name only one can live with
Coach they won't knock me off my pivot forget it, I'm sicker with it
Pick a city buy a condo find a fine ho let some time go chill
What you know about a bongo having her mind go
Over a convo about dough
Nothing! Man the four wheelers look so good on the sand
Tee or tanktop pocket fan
No pocket knife, no handgun in sight
Just that rat tat tat tat tat tat tat tat BOOM!
Ha ha tonight I might just boost my feature price
Cause to each its own and the lights is bright
And I'm feeling like Mike at a Tyson fight
I'm from Cita house big momma's house
She told me to shoot ya right after I knock ya out
And he ain't getting up after them shots if you hit him in the right spot
Hold up the beat might drop

***

TRACK: Grown Man

[Intro: Lil Wayne]
What's up baby?
I ain't trying to do nothing but get my grown man on
I ain't trying to hurt you
Only if you want me to
Yeah, something like that

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, what's happenin' baby I'm Lil Wayne from New Orleans
Fresh out the navy, now the captain of my own team
Hop in this machine, vanish from the scene
Goddamn it I'm so mannish
Handle it like a standard
So put yo panties and yo pants my the trash can
Romance on the floor plans, yeah
We hold hands while we rolling, just trying to keep up with the program
Just trying to sneak up on ya, like how you doing ma'am
I'm a old soul, and a young man, we got to it and
We didn't stop 'til the birds hit the block
And she ain't never had it like that

[Hook: Lil Wayne & Curren$y]
Girl, you are so fine
I wish that I could get you over here, girl
Tonight, so I can get my grown man on with you
You don't know about it, I'm on my grown man

[Verse 2: Curren$y]
Now I don't really hit the club but tonight I'll make an exception
For some reason I can't seem to keep my eyes out your direction
I'm lookin' at you so hard, I could probably catch a charge
Feelin' the way you walk when you move yo booty applaud
I gotta keep my composure
I gotta attack my mission and handle business like a soldier
Young man, Young Money but the money long
Curren$y, The Hot Spitta so grown
And your perception of me is so wrong
Don't worry about what you heard about me and them other birds
Might have done a little dirt and left a few of them hurt
But whatever has occurred they all got what they deserved
And you don't rock like that, I can see it in your eyes
If you ain't good for me then you wearing a disguise
Cause tonight you looking like Miss Right
And I swore to be a player for life, but I'll change for you

[Hook]
Girl, you are so fine
I wish that I could get you over here, girl
Tonight, so I can get my grown man on with you
You don't know about it, I'm on my grown man

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Baby girl, living in a ladies' world
And I'm a grown man, the women understand
See what I go through, is what I owe you
So you should throw that ass back to me right now
Fly boy baby sit back, relax and
Cruise with a nigga, destination satisfaction
Whose is it baby? She say, "Weezy Fuckin' Baby"
I say, "Yes in-fuckin'-deed," she say, "Don't you ever leave"
I say, I say, "But I got money on my mind"
Then I tell her never mind and we do it one more time [laugh]
For a large amount of time, long and won't stop 'til daytime come home

[Hook]
Girl, you are so fine
I wish that I could get you over here, girl
Tonight, so I can get my grown man on with you
You don't know about it, I'm on my grown man

[Bridge: Lil Wayne]
Damn, look, that
Oh, that right there?
That's the sunset girl
Get your visor, where those Chanel shades I get you, you always losing things
And I'm always buying new things, I come a long way huh, remember?
Remember that block, look at you, you think you all grown

[Outro:]
You ain't no woman you a baby girl, living in the ladies world
And I'm a grown man, the women understand
See what I go through, is what I owe you
And you should throw that ass back to me right now

***

TRACK: On Tha Block #2 (Skit)

Female: Wassup shorty you still hangin' 'round this bitch huh?
Male: Man I told you I gotta do me shawty, say what's up with all them people 'round here?
Female: Man I told you them niggas was wiggin' off them pills 'round here
Male: Who dat?
Female: Man they left ole boy leakin' last night
Male: What boy was this?
Female: Man you know that bitch used to be swingin' 'round the block in all them whips bitch thinkin' he stunna and shit
Male: Man ain't that cold. What you about to get into?
Female: Man I'm goin' listen to Tha Carter 2 fuck this bullshit
Male: Smoke one with a nigga

***

TRACK: Hit Em Up

[Intro]
Yeah
I tried talk to him

[Verse 1]
Quit talking, I’ma hang you by your tongue, yeah
Any motormouth could get hung high
We don’t fuck with niggas, like fungi, we don’t even hear ya
Hollering bullshit, nigga, cut the diarrhea
(Get 'em!) Pistol lie inside of the arm rest, umm, yes
Lay a nigga down in his own mess, don’t mess
Player fuck around with the homeless, charmless
You can leave out here armless, no homies
(Go!) Honest, you niggas is harmless
I’m calm as a Don is supposed to (be), Cosa Nostra
Don’t ever approach him, don’t get close to him
Shootouts ain’t nothing but rock-n-roll to him
Leave your blood on the dash, call it rosewood
‘Nother murder, ‘nother page out the notebook
It ain’t nothing, and don’t make it if you no good
I tried to talk to him, but then a nigga had to

[Hook]
Hit ‘em up, hit ‘em up
I ain’t even wanna hit ‘em up, really I was tryna be calm
But uh, that chopper rock, put his head in his arms
And man, I tried to talk to him, I tried to talk to him
Hit ‘em up, hit ‘em up
I ain’t even wanna hit ‘em up, fuck it, make a nigga get loose
He had too much talk and not enough proof
I tried to talk to him, I tried to talk to him
Hit ‘em up, hit ‘em up
I ain’t even wanna hit ‘em up, hit ‘em up
I ain’t even wanna hit ‘em, but I hit ‘em up (Gunshot)
I tried to talk to him, I tried to talk to him

[Verse 2]
(Y’all) Take them shoes off your teeth, stop runnin’ your mouth
No shoes, no feet, I’ll run in your mouth
I’ll come to your house, me and my goons
Loading up bangers, riding under the moon
Throwing up fingers, saying, “My side rule”
If a nigga disagree, that’s what my side prove
That Maybach Coupe a cock-eyed fool
And I’m in it like Bennett, ho, aren’t I cool
But if the thermostat switch and that needle move
Then the attitude switch and that heat’ll move
I got that Chiquita banana clip for the tool
Meet a disaster, pity the fool
Eat a catastrophe, swallow the truth, belch reality
How does it taste? Powder your face, you a bitch nigga
All pussy, stop coming out your lips, nigga
I tried to talk him, but then a nigga had to

[Hook]
Hit ‘em up, hit ‘em up
I ain’t even wanna hit ‘em up, really I was tryna be calm
But uh, that chopper rock, put his head in his arms
And man, I tried to talk to him, I tried to talk to him
Hit ‘em up, hit ‘em up
I ain’t even wanna hit ‘em up, fuck it, make a nigga get loose
He had too much talk and not enough proof
I tried to talk to him, I tried to talk to him
Hit ‘em up, hit ‘em up
I ain’t even wanna hit ‘em up, hit ‘em up
I ain’t even wanna hit ‘em, but I hit ‘em up
(Gunshot) I tried to talk to him, I tried to talk to him

[Verse 3]
Real talk, boy, chill with the talk, boy (yeah)
That Tommy gun’ll tear your neighborhood apart, boy (blatt!)
Yeah, leave your feelings in your heart, boy
You start with the wrong boy, it end with a song, boy (oh)
With your friends to carry you along
To a concrete mattress and a fluffy tombstone (yeah)
Fuck the discussion, I ain’t into it, boy
I just get to it, let’s do it, rip through a boy (bah!)
Big Uzi, just shoot a boy
I’m inside looking out, you just an intruder, boy (get em!)
You need sutures on your smoochers, boy, but
I tried to talk to him, but then a nigga had to

[Hook]
Hit ‘em up, hit ‘em up
I ain’t even wanna hit ‘em up, really I was tryna be calm
But uh, that chopper rock, put his head in his arms
And man, I tried to talk to him, I tried to talk to him
Hit ‘em up, hit ‘em up
I ain’t even wanna hit ‘em up, fuck it, make a nigga get loose
He had too much talk and not enough proof
I tried to talk to him, I tried to talk to him
Hit ‘em up, hit ‘em up
I ain’t even wanna hit ‘em up, hit ‘em up
I ain’t even wanna hit ‘em, but I hit ‘em up
(Gunshot) I tried to talk to him, I tried to talk to him

***

TRACK: Carter II

[Intro]
So you made it... this far
We upstairs
I let you up here
You special
Marley, don't shoot 'em
You know what this is
It's still Tha Carter 2 people
It's still Tha Carter 2 people
Yeah, you're still in Tha Carter 2 people
Hey! Yeah

[Verse]
All I have in this world
Is a pistol and a promise
A fistful of dollars
A list full of problems
I address 'em like P.O. boxes
Yeah I'm from New Orleans
The Creole cockpit
We so out of it
Zero tolerance
Gangsta gumbo
I'll serve 'em a pot of it
I'm wealthy
Still fucking with that block shit
Wet your ass up
Head to feet
'Til your socks drip
Don't slip
You might fall and bust your ass
No snakes at the Carter
Tell the gardener cut the grass
I hear 'em, but they talking under masks
Stop throwing pebbles at a bulletproof glass
That's Cash Money honey pie
We ain't running, we don't hide
Screaming "Fuck the other side"
Don't get caught on it
This the deadliest grinds
I put your heart on it
And walk on it
The chalk's only for the art, homie
How they trace ya
After I erase ya?
Look around
We at war
And you still in preparation
I'm riding for them reparations
No patience
Slow paper
Is better than no paper
Fast money don't last too long
You got to pace it
You got to know that paper
If you got it from a caper
Got to blow that paper
Got to know that
Photophobia
No Kodak moments
Feds walls with my pictures on 'em
Naw, I ain't even in the school yearbook
I don't do too much posing, got a cool killer look
Career crook
Get your career took
I'm back, like a brassiere hook
Bitch, cheer
Camouflage gear
The hunter's here
Better play it by ear
You ain't nothing but a deer
Around here
And this here is Tha Carter
Serve it while it's hot
Out the pot to your mama
And Slim tell me ain't nobody hotter
But get your boy some dipping sauce
I want the whole enchilada
I got 'em by the collar
Watch me drop 'em
On the head, at the bottom
And you ain't got to shoot 'em
'Cause I already shot 'em
And I ain't got to get 'em
'Cause I already got 'em
Get 'em

***

TRACK: Hustler Musik

[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Hit me
Right in the sternum this time, T-baby
Shit, you already know, you already know
You already know, damn, shit
This that hustler musik
Young Weezy got that motherfucking hustler music
So ride to it y'all, vibe to it y'all, damn

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Goddamn, Mix done hit a nigga in his head with this one
I'ma paint the city red with this one
I'm ahead with this one, see you fucking with the boy
Who tote toys way before Christmas, no assistance, just
That persistence, with that commitment, if
I don't get it, somebody gon' die tonight
I know my vibe is tight, and I deserve the throne
And if the kid ain't right, then let me die on this song
See I be riding, just riding alone
With my daddy on my mind, like, "You gotta be kidding"
How the hell you ain't here to see your prince do his thing?
Sometimes I wanna drop a tear but no emotions from a king
Shall be, so I be, who I be, that's me
That's Weezy F Baby, and please say the mothafuckin
So I be, who I be, that's me
That's Weezy F Baby, and please say the mothafuckin...

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
Baby, you gotta know that I'm just out here
Doing what I gotta do for me and you
And we eating, so, bitch, why the fuck is you tripping?
I'm taking these chances
My head to the sky, my feet on the ground
My fingers to the judge, if the money don't move
Then I won't budge, won't budge
No I won't budge, no, Lord

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Money is the motivation, facing the avenue
Back touching the wall, got the weed, got the gun
Got to run when I hear the bird call: (Brrrr!) Damn
Hop in that thing and merk off, swerve off
You know me, they call me Birdman Junior (Ah-ahh)
Anybody's murderer if Birdman sponsor it
Phantom of the Opera, all black, guap tent, locked in
I can let them shots out, you can't get no shots in
Bulletproof, leave a nigga with a bullet-roof
Shoot ya in your mouth, Leroy, they call him bullet-tooth
I'm like, "What it do, what it do"
There's a full court pressure, I'm just going for the two
If I'm open for the three, I'ma take it in a second
Even if there's one second, I'ma make it, it's nothing
I don't take it for granted, I don't take it for nothing
I take it for what it's worth, to the dirt, motherfucker, yeah!

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
Baby, you gotta know that I'm just out here
Doing what I gotta do for me and you
And we eating, so, bitch, why the fuck is you tripping?
I'm taking these chances
My head to the sky, my feet on the ground
My fingers to the judge; if the money don't move
Then I won't budge, won't budge
No I won't budge, no, Lord

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
I ain't never killed nobody, I promise
And I promise if you try me, he gon' have to rewind this track
And make me go back, that thing'll go rrrat!
That boy'll lay flat, so flat
That act is what I perform amongst you haters
Got Nina in my palm, and I'm masturbating
Black Peter Pan, fly 'til I die, what you saying?
Bathing Ape, Yves St., Evisu what I stay in
Got me feeling like Scarface, light the Cohiba
Streets reply I look right in a four-seater
You know I be out here, right in a four-seater
Top floor of the Four Seasons
Four of them whores and they all know how to cook it up
And look I got some
And only one know how to bag, bitch bundle up
See, it's a cold world, so homie bundle up
We ain't on this grind for nothing, now get your hustle up

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
Baby, you gotta know that I'm just out here
Doing what I gotta do for me and you
And we eating, so, bitch, why the fuck is you trippin'?
I'm taking these chances
My head to the sky, my feet on the ground
My fingers to the judge; if the money don't move
Then I won't budge, won't budge
No I won't budge, no, Lord

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
Man, man, this be that hustler musik
Young Weezy got that motherfucking hustler musik y'all
So ride to it y'all, and vibe to it y'all
I'm asking y'all, please, please
Young Weezy got that hustler musik
Young Weezy got that motherfucking hustler musik
Ride to it y'all, vibe to it y'all, vibe to it y'all, chyeah, chyeah
It's trill shit man, it's real talk man
It's how we do it, how we did it, how we done it
Ayy, it's real shit man, it's real talk boy
It's how we do it, how we did it, how we done it
I ain't bragging, I ain't boasting, it's the way it go
I ain't bragging, I ain't boasting, that's the way it is
Better guard your kids, guard your face
Better guard your body, we warned the place
We here! Fuck bitches! It's Young Money, nigga

***

TRACK: Receipt

[Intro]
It's kinda hard saying this shit to your face
So I do it over snares and bass
Music take me away

[Hook]
(I got to hold on, hold on to my receipt
Yeah, to redeem your love, that's exactly what I need)

[Verse 1]
Young broad
I know you love me like you never loved
You know you couldn't find a better thug
And, uh
You been peepin' me since I was younger
So young
That you even called me your little brother
But I'm all grown up now
I got my own money
I'm married and divorced
And my daughter is a woman
And guess what?
My daughter want another
Sister or brother
And you lookin' like a mother
I took you from a clubber to a lover
And you took another bitch husband
The other bitch wasn't
Doing shit for him
She say she did too much
I say she did nothing
She need to quit fronting
I haven't hid nothing
And you love everything
Can't hide your feelings
Won't let my pride conceal it
You got Wayne
I charge it to the game
And baby you can keep the change
But—

[Hook]
(I got to hold on, hold on to my receipt
Yeah, to redeem your love, that's exactly what I need)
It's kinda hard saying this shit to your face
So I do it over snares and bass
Music take me away

[Verse 2]
Destiny Child CD
Song number three
She cater to me
'Til we fall asleep
Then we wake up
And we pick up where we started
Then she make a nigga breakfast
Sprite, orange juice, and water
And she on stage
Waiting for me after my show
So no time for groupies
Straight to the top floor
Fresh out the shower
A smile and a towel
Then after an hour
She gon' need another shower
When I'm at home
In my coupe
Or in the office
Or the streets of The Boot
I'm thinking 'bout you
And most of the girls that come by are cute
And they try to holla, but they all on mute
And my old girls turn they face up at me
Yeah, they throw they purses and they makeup at me
'Cause you got Wayne
I charge it to the game
And baby you can keep the change
But—

[Hook]
(I got to hold on, hold on to my receipt
Yeah, to redeem your love, that's exactly what I need)
It's kinda hard saying this shit to your face
So I do it over snares and bass
Music take me away

[Verse 3]
Come home
Smell the food on the stove
She done cleaned the whole house
Washed the dishes and the clothes
And when we out
We do it just how we supposed
Look good for the public
Leave the drama in the Rolls
Royce
Choice of car that we move in
She gets high sometimes
'Cause I'm always doin' it
You hear them hallways
We always doin' it
Work cut
Every time feel like the first one
Perfect
When a nigga stressin' at work
She take away all of the pain
Make it lesser than dirt
That's why you got Wayne
I charge it to the game
And baby you can keep the change
But—

[Hook]
(I got to hold on, hold on to my receipt
Yeah, to redeem your love, that's exactly what I need)
It's kinda hard saying this shit to your face
So I do it over snares and bass
Music take me away

[Outro]
I got you
It's kinda hard saying this shit to your face
So I do it over snares and bass
Music take her away

***

TRACK: Shooter

[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Weezy Baby, y'all
Don't get shot
Rapid fire, what you know bout it?
I brought my homie along for the ride
He strapped, he getting ready to come out the back room
Rob!

[Verse 1: Robin Thicke (Lil Wayne)]
I heard some shouts, like, "Down on the floor!" (bow!)
Then—even louder—"We got shooters (yeah), shooters! (yeah)"
I turn around, I was staring at chrome (hello!)
Shotgun watches door, got security good (check!)
Jumped right over counter, pointed gun at, wink
He tell her, "I'm your shooter, shooter, shooter" (let's go!)

[Hook: Robin Thicke]
My hands up (yeah!), my hands up (yeah!)
They want me with my hands up
Oh, "Shooter!"
My hands up (yeah!), my hands up (yeah!)
They want me with my hands up
Oh, "Shooter!" (get 'em, yeah!)

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
So many doubt cause I come from the South
But when I open up my mouth, all bullets come out
Bang! Die, bitch-nigga, die! I hope you bleed a lake
I'mma play x-ray, helping y'all see the fake
I'm just trying to be the Great, trying to get a piece of cake
Take it off of your plate, eat it right in your face
They got a whole lot to say but I don't listen
Call me Automatic Weezy, bitch, I keep spittin', pow!

[Break: Robin Thicke]
All these bitches and, all these bitches!
But ain't no lovers around
They thinking about shooting! Them shooters
Got the guns, girls. Ladies, them gunners that
Shoot shoot shoot shoot! Shooters!

[Hook: Robin Thicke]
My hands up, my hands up
They want me with my hands up
Oh, "shooter!"
My hands up, my hands up
They want me with my hands up
Oh, "shooter!"

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
And to the radio stations, I'm tired of being patient
Stop being rapper racists, region-haters
Spectators, dictators, behind door dick-takers
It's outrageous! You don't know how sick you make us
I want to throw it up like chips in Vegas
But this is Southern, face it
If we too simple, then y'all don't get the basics

[Bridge: Robin Thicke]
Lady walks into a shotgun surprise
Dropped to her knees, saw her life before her eyes
He said: "bitch is gonna get it, everybody gon' regret it
I'm your - shooter!"

[Hook: Robin Thicke]
My hands up, my hands up
They want me with my hands up
Oh, "shooter!"

[Verse 4: Lil Wayne]
Socks soaking wet, I been running y'all, I reload
Every hundred yards, I'm comin' forward
You better know me, Lil Wayne, just call me Lord, hard
Take pain like Tylenols, raw, way past par
Far, I'm some shit you never saw
I take you to the shootout, baby, win, lose, or draw
And then they ask who, when, where, how, and
My reply was simply, "Pow!" C'mon!

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
Mama, I tink dat, ay!
Me tink dey want me to surrender!
No! No, I'm sayin'
Mama, I tink dey, ay!
Me tink dey want me to surrender!
No, no, me won't surrender
No, no, I promise no surrender
I got my burner
And I'm the shooter

***

TRACK: Weezy Baby

[Intro]
Yeah... my girl get in at 1:15 am
The guitar's cryin' right now
Just a couple things goin' on in my life, you know

[Verse 1]
Brim leanin, cup tilted, blunt flickin'
Get money, fuck bitches
Young Weezy, Young Pimpin', she love it
I keep goin', she keep cummin', what you know 'bout it?
So bout it, like Master P but no coward
No, I am no Howard the Duck, duck!
Lead showers, black flowers
Black dresses, two hours, closed casket
Ma dough tactics is so crafty
No laughter, I do that after I get the dough bastards
I get the dough faster, what if I flowed faster
Like, oh, Nancy the fo's plastic, automatic, I'm
More drastic, ya no-names compared to me
Who are you, where are ya, I can't see, ya air to me
Ya not there to me, I ain't fuckin wit you bitch niggas
I'm fuckin ya sis nigga, it's Weezy

[Hook - Nikki]
If you gon' call him Weezy
Then you must say the baby
If you don't say the baby
Then just don't say it at all

[Verse 2]
I'm, slick as an old mac, I'm, sick as aPprozac
And, the Carter 1 was the dick for ya hoes trap
And, this is Tha Carter 2 and, this is the ballsack
Diggin you hoes back, quick if I blow back
Got it, gone, Rabbit, fast, my daddy's Rabbit at home
What up pa (what up), what up Pac (what up)
What up Pun (what up), what up Big (what up), what up Soulja
As the streets get colder I get chillier
What up Left Eye (what up), what up Aaliyah (what up)
Tech 9 close by touch 'em up
I shoot niggas in the mouth boy pucker up
Sweet sucker tash gee golly what the fuck
Where the hell all these new pussy rappers come from
I chew 'em up like bubble gum, yum yum
Young Weezy so troublesome, what what

[Hook - Nikki]
If you gon' call him Weezy
Then you must say the baby
If you don't say the baby
Then just don't say it at all

[Verse 3]
I ain't talkin fast you just listenin too slow
I'm, gettin them Benjamins
Can serve like the Wimbledon
If I'm in any predicament, nervous never that
Got a gat to knock whoever back back, very flat
Chest, caved in, mess on the pavement
Splat, cherry wax, rrraaahhh, bury that
Rats, scary cat, rrraaattt carry that
Hollygrove trigga man guns in a knapsack
Area code five zero four, I ain't Nino fuckin Brown
And... this is Tha Carter ho, this is a quarter stick
This in ya garter ho, leave out the back
And go straight to the corner store
Return with the cake, come wit all ma dough
And if not they find you in a lake in the mornin ho
Weezy Baby please say the baby
If not, don't ya motherfuckin say it at all, bitch

[Hook - Nikki]
If you gon' call him Weezy
Then you must say the baby
If you don't say the baby
Then just don't say it at all

***

TRACK: On Tha Block #3 (Skit)

[Female] Wassup shorty where you goin' all fuckin' shy tonight?

[Male] Man young money and cash money got a fire show

[Female] Well, then that's why the whole neighborhood bird manned down. I'mma be in that bitch, I'mma go and get twisted first, I'mma holla

[Male] Alright shorty holla back

***

TRACK: I'm a D-Boy

[Intro]
Yeah, okay I'm strapped
Get 'em!
Black Hat, black shades
Black diamonds, oh, behave!
No, he can't, with the fucking seats back
Got the paint job coke and the fucking seats cracked

[Refrain: Lil Wayne]
I'm a d-boy, bitch, I'm a d-boy, ho, I'm a dopeboy
I got the scope in the Rov' for them jackboys
I got money in my pocket, I got money in my block
I got the money and the power
I'm a d-boy, bitch, I'm a d-boy, ho, I'm a dopeboy
I got the scope in the Rov' for them jackboys
I got money in my pocket, I got money in my block
I got the money and the power

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Thinking of a master plan, I get money
But I'm thinking of a faster plan, I'm trying to cash it in
I got five in that garbage can
And the wrap Saran, I need cash advance
See, I know three sold, the other two a jam
I'mma sit on one and whip the other one much as I can
Hot-ass fuckin' sedan, windows rolled down, no sound
Them bricks got the speakers drowned
I ain't listening for shit but sirens
I ain't trying to get to my ships sunk, fuck you pirates
I'll touch you cowards, it ain't nothing to a boss
The niggas in the hood tryna floss
And ya head got a cost, nigga
Take a loss nigga, SS 55 all black, with the top chopped off that
Catch me in the spots where the shots pop off at
I ain't trying to prove nothin, I'm just trying to move somethin

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
I'm a d-boy, bitch, I'm a d-boy, ho, I'm a dopeboy
I got the scope in the Rov' for them jackboys
I got money in my pocket, I got money in my block
I got the money and the power
I'm a d-boy, bitch, I'm a d-boy, ho, I'm a dopeboy
I got the scope in the Rov' for them jackboys
I got money in my pocket, I got money in my block
I got the money and the power

[Verse 2: Birdman]
See we cooking up a thousand grams
I'm in the kitchen over the stove with pots and pans
Triple color with the platinum jams
50 birds, homeboy, in the back of a van
A hundred grand in rubberbands
We got them birds in the coffee cans
We got the whips with the extra clips
Got bitches outta state, niggas flippin' them bricks
Been in the Caddy, been in the alley
Nigga been on the block right in front of Miss Gladys
Nigga know bout hustlin', know bout stuntin'
Did the curb-serving, shined every summer
Been on front, been in the back
Nigga roll with duct tape and ride with the Mac
See these haters like, "fuck them niggas"
We made men, millionaires, hustlin' our nature

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
I'm a d-boy, bitch, I'm a d-boy, ho, I'm a dopeboy
I got the scope in the Rov' for them jackboys
I got money in my pocket, I got money in my block
I got the money and the power
I'm a d-boy, bitch, I'm a d-boy, ho, I'm a dopeboy
I got the scope in the Rov' for them jackboys
I got money in my pocket, I got money in my block
I got the money and the power

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
8 AM, open my eyes
Yeah, kick my bitch, tell her open the blinds
And I'm over the stove at 9
Yeah I'm cookin breakfast for the block then I let her cook mine
Yeah, quick line in the bathroom before we bounce
Not me, I mean her, she go a-day-an ounce, damn
Y'all pray for her, while I'm at the bus station
In the Bentley sitting low as I wait for her
I'm gettin' dough, I'm a paper-boy
I will take you, for the right paper, boy
I will take her, shake her, tape her, waist up
Send her to the money, she be back before I wake up
Getchya cake up, y'all niggas lame ducks
You probably get your game up when I'm giving the game up
My name Wayne, what! Hot Boy, flame up
You niggas trying to change up and I'm getting my change up

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
I'm a d-boy, bitch, I'm a d-boy, ho, I'm a dopeboy
I got the scope in the Rov' for them jackboys
I got money in my pocket, I got money in my block
I got the money and the power
I'm a d-boy, bitch, I'm a d-boy, ho, I'm a dopeboy
I got the scope in the Rov' for them jackboys
I got money in my pocket, I got money in my block
I got the money and the power

***

TRACK: Feel Me

[Interviewer:]
So "Little Wayne," what's your motivation?

[Lil' Wayne]
Is that really a question?
Do you really have that written down in your notepad?
You should be ashamed of yourself
You smell me girl
I smell like money
See, thats what they don't understand (Tell 'em a god damn thang)
To me it was always get money or die
I come up under Birdman, the Number One Stunna
You know what I mean I'm Stunna Jr. thats all I know thats all I ever knew
Get money or get nothing you know what I'm saying
And I feel that way
Foreal

[Verse 1]
So hard I go I keep pushing
The game so crazy I'm in it like deep pussy
I got chip from trying to get the whole cookie
Used to make a thousand dollars everytime I played hookie
Dwayne Carter absent keep looking
I'm present on the block
I'm a legend on the block
Ice so bright like heaven on the watch
Yea nigga I done dropped one eleven on the watch
So watch and see what I do
Breeze by you so fast got you sneezing hachoo
They got the shivers 'mayne I got the fever
I got to bring the hood back after Katrina
Weezy F Baby, now the 'F' is for FEMA
Sick nigga bitch I spit that Leukemia
Yea no cure no help
So me so good so hard so felt
Feel me

[Lil' Wayne]
And that's just my point right there
That's what I'm always trying to stress know what I'm saying
If you don't understand me if you don't feel me then you ain't real
In my eyes, and that's all that count to me you know

[Interviewer]
So, is your music considered the voice of urban America or America period?

[Lil' Wayne]
I mean, I would say the voice of the hood cause thats who I speak for
And myself, you know what I mean, my family thats who I represent
My homies, my girl, my life you know

[Verse 2]
C'mon, bang this shit nigga pump my shit
You gotta bang that wimp and go and dump that bitch
You gotta claim that strip and go and flood that bitch
You gotta aim that shit and straight bust that shit
Like motherfuck them niggas what they wan-do I'm ready
Tevin Campbell, no homo, black Rambo
Fucking with the boy baby that's a gamble
If he won in Vegas leave him on the crap table
I'm willing and I'm able to come run up in your stable
Like nobody make a sound where the paper where the paper
Gotta get it gotta have it
Once I got it I'mma spend it
Then its back to doing any damn thing just to get it
The re-ups be like birthday parties
No room to park the cars in the garages
So outside the cribs all you see is arayis
If I ain't say it right fuck it I ain't foreign
Feel me

[Lil' Wayne]
And see thats where everybody get me wrong at, you know what I mean?
I got that heat rock, foreal

[Interviewer]
Why do you think other rappers lack the impact of your music?

[Lil' Wayne]
Thats because they ain't got that heat rock like me you know what I mean
They ain't spitting like me
They spitting, but, know what I mean, they ain't got colds
I got the flu over here man, foreal
I need relief, y'all help me
I know y'all sick of me, cause I'm tired of y'all foreal

[Verse 3]
And based on the bank, I'm doing much better than alot of these niggas
I'm tired of these niggas
Yawning when I see them make me stretch and pull the burner
I'm cocking back and passing
They catch 'em in they sternum
Ooh ooh that gone probably burn ya
That gone probably learn ya
To never ever ever - ever ever ever come around here no more
Rich gangsters over here you gotta die with the broke bitch
I'm the God I should ride with the Pope
But the boy so hood I just ride with my ho yeah
Yeah, and tell 'em bout Hollygrove
Tell 'em bout my last show
Tell 'em bout my last ho
You know, just born to mack
Call me Deion Sanders, bring the corner back
I'm in my prime, niggas falling back
That's right I'm coming baby yeah hard as crack
Feel Me

[Lil' Wayne]
And thats just what it is nigga
If you don't like my shit then fuck you and your shit man straight up
That's how I was taught, that's how I was brought up
And that's how I'mma go down
Cash-Money Young-Money in your motherfucking throat bitch
Swallow slow
Weezy F. Baby this interview is over, go to the next song
Bitch

***

TRACK: Get Over

[Intro]
Yeah
Yea, real rap, real rap, real rap fo ya
Lighters up, lets get 'em

[Hook] Nikki (Lil Wayne)
Though, though I'm missin you (straight to the head man)
I'll find a way to get through
I know livin without ya is impossible (yea)
Gone... I know you gon live on (cry momma, ya momma)
Cuz you were my brotha and I love ya, and I miss ya

[Verse 1]
Stay strong, be tough, that's what the preacher tell ya
He never really felt ya, so he can't even help ya
Need a shoulder to lean on, somebody to cry to
It's like everything's gone, but I'm a survivor
Standing on stage in front of thousands
Don't amount to me not havin my father
That's real talk, I know a lot of y'all got 'em
But you need 'em way more when you gotta go without 'em
And I'm without 'em, but that's life y'all
Sometimes you gotta learn to swim with no lifeguard
I'm alright, God, shit, I'm still breathin
But losses hurt like bullets, I'm about to start bleedin
Throw me down some comfort, cause my heart need it
Tryin to cope wit my chances and meet 'em
There's a dark road ahead, but I'm tryin to take it easy
Rest in peace Lil Beezy, my nigga

[Hook] (Lil Wayne in the background)
Though, though I'm missin you
I'll find a way to get through
I know livin without ya is impossible
Gone... I know you gon live on
Cuz you were my brotha and I love ya, and I miss ya
I miss my dawg I can't believe that it's over
But I'm a soldier, so I gotta over, can't stay sober, I'm just tryin to get over

[Verse 2]
Smoke kush all day and pop painkillers
Fuck who don't understand it, this what the game did us
This what the streets showed us
This how the block made us
The same block where they layed 'em
I pray every time I cross the spot on the pavement, save me
Lord, will I be next for the taking? Take me
I know I'm livin like I know when I'm comin
But I'm just livin cause I know that it's comin
And the end is comin, but I ain't runnin
I ain't hidin and duckin
I'm in the middle of a war, I'm alive and love it
I'm just speakin from the heart of the dyin' public
We still beatin, we gon rise above it
Though it seem like they cheatin and we losin'
We survive if nothin
They could never take the stride from strugglin
I gotta ride, and sometimes that ride get bloody
But I just think about my buddy
And go after that money
But uhh..

[Bridge] (Nikki and Lil Wayne)
Ohhh, we gotta get over, we gotta get over, gotta get over
It's almost over, and we gon be alright
[I gotta get over, I gotta get over, cause bitch I'm a soldier]

[Verse 3]
Straight Patron out the bottle to the head now
We gettin read now, bitch my nigga dead now
And all the things I never said, I gotta say it now
I shoulda said it then, now I gotta talk to clouds
Now I gotta walk around
Brim down
Just tryin to find my way to the next day
Escape
Ya birthday could be ya death date
So I'm livin like it was just yesterday
Let's pray
Ten fingers together
Can't bring 'em together
It's murda-murda, I don't think it get better
So be a competitor or get out the weather
Me? I got a umbrella and a Berretta
I'm just tryin to make sure my daughter future progressin
And behind that, I'm shootin excessive
Trust me
The beautiful dead, we livin wit the ugly
I just tell my pops wait for me
I'm comin

[Hook] (Nikki and Lil Wayne)
Though, though I'm missin you
I'll find a way to get through
I know livin without ya is impossible
Gone... I know you gon live on
Cuz you were my brotha and I love ya, and I miss ya
[I miss my dawg I can't believe that it's over
But I'm a soldier, so I gotta over
Can't stay sober, I'm just tryin to get over]

[Refrain]
[I miss my dawg I can't believe that it's over
But I'm a soldier, so I gotta over
Can't stay sober, I'm just tryin to get over]

They ask me why I wear shades at nighttime...
Cause I don't wanna see nothin! Yea..
Like I said, life ain't nuttin but a long extended road, keep drivin
I done passed up plenty people up on the side of road
No help, keep goin
Yea... Lost a lot of passengers on the ride, kept goin... yep...
Who knows when I'll run outta gas. Yea...

***

TRACK: Fly Out

[Intro]
We here
I said, we here
The back of Tha Carter, yeah
The back of Tha Carter – Two
Uhg, yeah
This here is
The end of Tha Carter Two, people
Hey, yeah

[Verse]
I got the game
On ball and chain
I threw the key in the drain
I'm like a ki in a drought
I spent a G on these frames
But my vision is priceless
Seeing through you niggas
Like a fuckin' psychic
Hearing through the grapevine
Niggas wanna hate mine
Say my name and die in the daytime
You catch my drift
Man you better be Pathon
Boy the heat's on
They making peace bonds
I'm in this bitch throwing up the "17" sign
Straight frowns, no daps
Strapped three times
A Tec-11, AK-47, one Beretta
Ready for whatever
Tell them pussy niggas come together
Heavy better, nigga
Super-soaker wet a nigga
Six feet under flowers
You ain't nothing but a petal, nigga
I'm just a little nigga
Trying to be a civil nigga
30 years old, shit
That'll be a given, nigga
Quit it Wayne, your Mom is listening
But she ain't really tripping
'Cause the pots is pissed in
Them niggas trippin'
Until the shots whistlin'
Hear them bullets hissin'
Like a cobra at attention
I got a bitch, and quit calling women bitches
As long as she don't worry 'bout the coke in the kitchen
No preventing the grind, I gotta get it
I'm admitted to the game, true player, no quittin'
There you go shittin' on the way a nigga thinkin'
Only history I know is Benjamin Franklin
And since the future ain't promised to no one
I live everyday like this is the sure one
Trade in the tidal wave, this is the ocean
Stand in that heat 'til the motherfucking snow come
And it feels so fucking good
Throw my dope like a rope
Let 'em tug and pull
No hope for the hopeless
Rats and roaches
Running 'cross the porch
In the attic there's a fortune
Come and get it
Automatics in motion
We banging for the bread
Nigga, even the molded
I got my loaf
I got my toast
Chaperone of the South
I got my coast
Yeah, and until I die
I'm the Best Rapper Alive

---

WORK: Like Father, Like Son

***

TRACK: Loyalty (Skit)

[Soprano]
You Know While Your Mother Is Cooking The Macaronni
Today I Figured Id Sit Down And Talk To You Since Your Old Enough
You Know Its Time That You Really Realize What This Family Is All About
Cause About This Time Is When Your Gonna Be Able To Join In
And Earn Some Real Money And Real Cash But Before You Do That
I Wanna Teach You A Little Bit About Loyalty
The Main Name Of This Game Is Respect And Loyalty
Family Is A Big Thing When We Do This Kind Of Business
Everything Is With Respect And When A Family Member Gets Outta
Line And Another Family Dont Like It One Thing Leads To Another
And The Next Thing You Know, Your Gone And Then Your Just A Memory Of Me
My Hearts Broke Then, But You Gotta Remember Theres Always Family And Loyalty
Loyalty Is The Main Thing. Obviously You Know I Dont Make My Money
I Dont Make All My Cash From Uh Construction Jobs We Do And
Uh Sanitation And Private Stuff Is All Earned Money Through The Family
And Since Your Of Age Now I Think Its Time I

Taught You What Coming Into The Family And Respect Is All About
So The First Thing You Gotta Learn Is The Name Respect
Tha Means You Dont Cross Nobody You Dont Go Over The Line
Once You Go Over That Line Theres No Coming Back Whether
Youre A Member Of The Family Or Not
Thats When People Get Whacked And We Dont Want Nobody Whacked In Our Family
So I Gotta Teach You The Proper Way Of Respect
When Youre Earning Money, Everybody Earns, Everybody Eats Bread
Its All About Cash Money Thats What Its All About Making The Money
So The First Thing Of Business Is This, You Remember Your Name
You Dont Forgets Your Roots
You Never Ever Disrespect Anyone Thats Above You Especially Your Capo
Especially The Big Time Guys, Those Are The Guys You Listen To
You Never Ever Disrespect Anyone Unless Your Told To Unless You Get The Okay
And If There Is No Sit Down Theres Nothing

***

TRACK: Over Here Hustlin'

[Hook:]
We over here hustlin', we over here grindin'
We over here hustlin', we over here grindin'
We over here hustlin', we over here grindin'
I'm all, I'm all about my paper, I'm all, I'm all about my paper
We over here hustlin', we over here grindin'
We over here hustlin', we over here
We over here hustlin', we over here grindin'
I'm all, I'm all about my paper, I'm all, I'm all about my paper

[Lil Wayne:]
Now ho don't ask me what I'm doing, thats me in the hook
And I just keep on kicking it kicking it like a knee and a foot
Yes, wayne straight like a ki' of that good
If your bitch don't know the rules, I will read her the book
I got the key to the boat, I got the key to the jet
I got the key to success, get money invest
Re-up with the rest. I got a Swedish connect
That means my weed is the best, homie, even the stress
OK, the coupe is ridiculous and the jeep is a mess
Let's call my bullets a lump, I put 'em deep in your neck
Adam's apple meet banana clip
You know my script, I just get my chips and then I dip, and then I dip
They say the bullshit walks, the money talks
So I don't answer, I don't answer unless the money calls
Yeah that's my word, thats my word know I will front for y'all
It's money over everything and bitches under all
M.O.B!

[Hook]
We over here hustlin', we over here grindin'
We over here hustlin', we over here grindin'
We over here hustlin', we over here grindin'
I'm all, I'm all about my paper, I'm all, I'm all about my paper
We over here hustlin', we over here grindin'
We over here hustlin', we over here
We over here hustlin', we over here grindin'
I'm all, I'm all about my paper, I'm all, I'm all about my paper

[Birdman:]
I say uptown poppin', uptown rockin', uptown niggas
It's the home of the hard knocks
Cook up a whole block, kit it up in all white
Ridin' with a chopper, black diamonds and it all nice
Shop 'till you pop bitch, do your own thing ho
Got the game from K.C., second floor sixth court
Bling bling king nigga, money ain't a thing nigga
Ridin' in a Lamborghini, suicidal eagle wings
Assault rifles, my little homies big poppers
Coming through the attic, 20 in the heli-chopper
Zip it and whip it nigga, that's how we ship it, nigga
Burn it and light it then we flip it and we hit it, nigga
I spent a mill on my grill for real
Cause we be stunting while we hustling, nigga making his meals
We be grindin' while we shinin', nigga packin' that steel
Stay fly, get money, nigga stackin' the bills

[Hook]
We over here hustlin', we over here grindin'
We over here hustlin', we over here grindin'
We over here hustlin', we over here grindin'
I'm all, I'm all about my paper, I'm all, I'm all about my paper
We over here hustlin', we over here grindin'
We over here hustlin', we over here
We over here hustlin', we over here grindin'
I'm all, I'm all about my paper, I'm all, I'm all about my paper

[Birdman:]
I say, we deep in the game, nigga. we switching the lanes, nigga
Got blood money homie. No pain, no gain, nigga
Fifty a thang, nigga, a G a name, nigga
That's what we do nigga, claim your fame, nigga
Hop out a Range, nigga. Thang in hand, nigga
Stop all that reppin', 'fore I... send some flames, nigga
All this money, nigga. Jewelry and fame, nigga
Cause we be stuntin', nigga. Moving them things, nigga

[Lil' Wayne:]
Paper paper, paper. All I need is paper. Green paper
White chalk, yellow tape will, make your shirt look like you got on the butcher's apron
Go ahead and make the steak then, bitch nigga
Bitch nigga talkin'. This is how money sound
I'm just chillin' but my money still running 'round
Yeah, and I just do's what I does
You niggas couldn't even be who I was

***

TRACK: Stuntin' Like My Daddy

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
"Pyong" on the Yamaha, chromed out 11 hundred
What I'm doing? Getting money. What we doing? Getting money
What they doing? Hating on us, but they never cross
Cash Money still the company and bitch I'm the boss
And I be stuntin' like my daddy, stuntin' like my daddy
Stuntin' like my daddy, I be stuntin' like my daddy
I'm the Young Stunna, stuntin' like my daddy
Stuntin' like my daddy, I be stuntin' like my daddy

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Yeah bitch I'm paid, that's all I gotta say
Can't see you little niggas cause the money in the way
And I'm - I'm sitting high, a gansta ride, blades
If you ain't gonna ride fly than you might as well hate
Shit, I gotta eat, yeah, even though I ate
No it ain't my birthday but I got my name on my cake
Shit, believe that: if your mans wanna play
I'mma fuck around and put that boy's brains on the pavement
Hey pick em up! Fuck em, let em lay
Where I'm from we see a fuckin' dead body everyday
That's - Uptown! Throw a stack at em
Make a song about me, I'm throwing shots back at 'em
Ya bitch on my pipe, and she like a crack addict
When she saw me cooking eggs and she thought I was back at it
I grab the keys, "ho I gotta go"
I got my motorcycle jacket and my motorcycle locs

[Hook]
"Pyong" on the Yamaha, chromed out 11 hundred
What I'm doing? Getting money. What we doing? Getting money
What they doing? Hating on me, but they never cross
Cash Money still the company and bitch I'm the boss
And I be stuntin' like my daddy, stuntin' like my daddy
Stuntin' like my daddy, I be stuntin' like my daddy
I'm the Young Stunna, stuntin' like my daddy
Stuntin' like my daddy, I be stuntin' like my daddy

[Verse 2: Birdman]
Shorty, 98's, 45 paper plates
Tint the whole thang, big money heavyweight
A hundred stacks, spend 50 on a Caddy, 25 on the pinky
Bought a pound of blow and bounced back
Matching grills, big houses on the hill
Got them hoes in the kitchen all cooking, paying bills
I start to holler, dollar after dollar
Flipping chickens, getting tickets. Want the money and the power
Born Stunna, Uptown hunter
3rd ward G, nigga, been about money
Ice chunky, Birdman, red monkeys
White Tees on the chromed-out 11 hundreds
You know we shine every summer, we grind every summer
And this is how we spend money
You see them Bentleys and them Lambs'
Them ounces and them grams, bitch we was born hustlas

[Hook]
"Pyong" on the Yamaha, chromed out 11 hundred
What I'm doing? Getting money. What we doing? Getting money
What they doing? Hating on me, but they never cross
Cash Money still the company and bitch I'm the boss
And I be stuntin' like my daddy, stuntin' like my daddy
Stuntin' like my daddy, I be stuntin' like my daddy
I'm the Young Stunna, stuntin' like my daddy
Stuntin' like my daddy, I be stuntin' like my daddy

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Yeah when I was 16 I bought my first Mercedes Benz
I must've fucked a thousand bitches and they girlfriends
White leather, hot new bare rims
Brand new pistol with a trigger like a hair pin
Big work, we don't need a scale man!
Big papers: say "good morning" to the mailman
What you know about putting bricks in the spare, man?
I can stuff a coupe like a motherfuckin' caravan
I'm in my zone, my form is so rare, man
If there's a throne, you looking at the chairman
How you want it, show me my opponent
[Munching noises]
Show me my opponent
I'm still ballin', a bullet gotta get me
And I've never been a pussy cause my hood never let me
A made nigga, got made niggas with me
I'm a motorcycle boy, so I'm about to park the Bentley

***

TRACK: 1st Key

[Hook]
I bought my 1st key from my baby momma brotha
I bought my 1st key
Bought my bought my 1st key
I bought my 1st key from my baby momma brotha
I bought my 1st key
Bought my bought my 1st key

[Birdman]
Yeah, hustlin’ on my city streets
Tryin’ to get a whole key (I bought my 1st key, my 1st key)
In ‘93 and we was gettin’ ‘em like for 25
Colombian connect, homey we was gettin’ fly
We on the grind and our nuts got bigga
And every day we in the mothafuckin hood our guns got bigga
Stuntin on them niggas, gettin’ money stayin' fly every day a nigga spendin’
Ridin’ 25’s and we blazin’ gettin’ high, nigga showin’ off his ride
Cruisin’ through the beach nigga rollin’ in them bimmers
Them people pull me over hatin’ ‘cause they can’t see us
Know I got the money (laws won’t leave me alone)
Now they actin funny ‘cause they know a nigga strong
Money long and we comin’

[Hook x2]

[Lil Wayne]
I ain’t have to touch a piece of work since ‘94
I lost my daddy in ‘96 and started makin’ moves
In ‘98 (i got a brand new Lexus coupe)
(now them laws won’t leave me alone)
They pull me over, lock me up, I bail out on my own
I call my poppa on the phone, tell him cook up a zone
I leave a house with a pocket full of stones
Got them hoes slangin’, hidin’ packs in they titties
Them small chest bitches gotta put it in their butt
(20s in them they can’t fuck wit us)
I got so many hoes
(it’s to the flow or I don’t see, don’t know)
(now they won’t leave me alone)
Man I got so much dough
(it’s to the flow or I don’t see, don’t know)
(now they won’t leave me alone)
Weezy baby d boy

[Hook x2]

[Birdman]
And I ain’t touch a motherfucking ki since ‘04
And that’s the word that we serving, look that’s all we know
Them niggas talking shit but we the niggas wit the cash flow
(i still smoke that weed, smoke that smoke that smoke that weed)
And I’m back on the beach and we blowing out the whole beat
My AK MAC-11 represent the 3
Gangsta like a motherfucker me and my homies

[Lil Wayne]
Yeah, my nigga rabbit was a OG
My momma husband that's what show me (my 1st key)
Yup, then you know I had to be a hustler
I started selling hubbers

***

TRACK: Like Father, Like Son

[Intro]
There ain't no love like
Like father like son, nigga

[Verse 1: Birdman]
Yeah
It's filthy with quarter ki's in the kitchen on 'em
Tha block is hot but we out here gettin it on 'em
And keep a tool everytime we hit the streets
Cause these niggas act a fool and we be quick to put it on 'em
Them tear drops homie we so not
The nigga to fuck with cause we will pop
.40 cal keep it cocked nigga ready to block
Keep a gun a extra clip homie thats how we rock
And like father like son daddy we dont borrow
We stay on the grind homie cause we grind harder
And fuckin with me homie you won't like
You be the next t-shirt, we in ya hood all night
We got birds flyin out and we've allowed the pipes
We do this state to state thing and cheat the price
And Rufus came home and I told him to shave
But he was tellin me about them pussy niggas back in the eighties, baby

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Listen
Birdman put me on when I was just eleven
He was my teacher, so I was like fuck the lesson
He was my preacher, so I was like fuck the reverend
My mother Cita, she said that I was with the devil
My mother Cita, now say that he was sent from heaven
So, I take heed to every single word that he tell me
And I remember what my poppa told me
Remember what my poppa told me, Young Stunna

[Verse 3: Birdman]
Yeah
Im out c'here homie pitchin the game
And yes I do the whole thing nigga give me my change
Yes we do the same thing out the brand new Range
Little nigga like his father homie doin his thing
We keep the gun for paper homie aimed and cocked
Every nigga in my circle homie ready to pop
We be ridin drop tops thats just how we rock
And ill be ridin in the Phantom through my up town blocks
Nigga

[Hook]

[Verse 4: Lil Wayne]
Alright money on my mind
Look I-I-I I hear you niggas wisperin
I say wisperin cause you niggas ain't hollerin bout shit
Po' pussy ass niggas gangster and me
Look Birdman jr fuck the world pops
And we gon keep it movin even if the world stops
Stay strapped and laced like girl socks
Stay dapped and drapped like a birthday cake
Birthdays was the worst days
Now we sippin' on Louis when we thirsty
Ya know, I do believe the moneys cursed me
So I pray to God that the devil dont murk me, uh
Little Wizzle but you bitches call me first place
And papa taught me paper chase never skirt chase
I put you niggas in the closet in the shirt space
You niggas yellow like Sesame street Bert's face
Worst case scenario, burial
Two tone Carara like Mascara, uh
The G4 take your boy where ever
Like father, like son the era, nigga

[Hook]

***

TRACK: You Ain't Know

[Hook 1 - Lil Wayne]
I got a lot of loot and I ain't lookin' for a lady
And you can never play me
I'm from Uptown baby
I wake up in the mornin' take a piss and wash my hands
Take a knee and thank the Man then get back to the money
You ain't know
I gotta go
Where ya goin'?
I gotta get back to the money
You ain't know
I gotta go
Where ya goin'?
I gotta get back to the money
To the money

[Verse 1 - Lil Wayne]
Nigga I ain't got a money printer
So for this paper chase I'm out runnin' sprinters
Yes the last two Cash Money members
Shout out to the new Cash Money members
Baby and Slim still point guard and center
So much money on my mind it's all I remember
And I just bought a gun wit' a extender
And that bitch hold me up like suspenders
Cut like a blender sharper than a bitch
They got so many pussy niggas I can make a list
Niggas wonder why I stress that I am the best
Cause even bobble heads tell me yes.. haha
Put it on the hood I'm Hollygrove to death
I'm already good I'm working on my left
A jungle on my wrist a circus on my neck
Don't forget the Baby no don't forget the F

[Hook 2: Lil Wayne - x2]
You ain't know I gotta go
Where ya goin'? I gotta get back to the money
You ain't know I gotta go
Where ya goin'? I gotta get back to the money
To the money

[Verse 2 - Birdman]
Brush the platinum grab the straps homie make it happen
Comin' through my neighborhood with 4's on the Caddy
Limo tints out the pound and Uptown crackin'
Red bandanna duckin' feds and the money stackin'
Rest in peace to Miss Gladys like e'eryday
We on the grind for the shine and we gon' get paid
Spent a mill' on the wheels custom wit' the navi'
2 of the same whips we doin' it big livin' lavish

[Lil Wayne]
This is a Scott Storch and I'm a hot torch
And gettin' money is my sport
And understand the rap game is my court
So I shall walk and come forth like a Rockport
Or some sort of... matchin' slippers or yacht shoes
See I don't cruise control I control the cruise
Yes... I gets throat on a boat
And I vow to never fall like soap on a rope and

[Hook 1]

[Verse 3 - Birdman]
Fresh wit' the hustle so we bounce back on them suckers
Blowin' big doin' gigs got it ran in hundreds
They reppin' layin' here we stuntin'
On the grind all the time homie gettin' money
3rd Ward soldier 13th gangsta
17th hustler known top ranker
Money go getter them clowns can't figure
Poppin' at the mouth like this cutter won't split 'em
Know how to survive hustlin' stayin' fly
My whole hood cried when my lil' brother died
Know I had to ride never let it slide
It's just the G in me and I'mma get it til I die daddy

[Hook 2: x2]

***

TRACK: Family Rules (Skit)

[Soprano]
Now the rules of the family has nothing to do with the outside world
The outside world don't count here this is an inner circle of our family
What we say goes
Anybody anyplace else that disrespects you deal with us
If you're with us you're with us, and that's it
That's the way it goes, Are you listeninin to me?
That's the way it goes, there's no such thing
As an outsider comming in, we don't let no one in
We use all of them to do our dirty work
And they come in they do our dirty work and that's just the way it is
Your Family is your life that's what it is life and death

***

TRACK: Know What I'm Doin'

[Chorus: T-Pain]
Yeah (I got the shoes wit' the matchin' fit check)
Yeah (I got them jewels lookin' phat around my neck)
Yeah (Take a picture)
Click click (Take a picture)
Click click (Check me out!)
Yeah I know what I'm doin'
Yeah (I got the shoes wit' the matchin' fit check)
Yeah (I got them jewels lookin' phat around my neck)
Yeah (Take a picture)
Click click (Take a picture)
Click click (Check me out!)
Yeah I know what I'm doin'

[Verse 1: Rick Ross]
Started wit' a nick then I seen a hundred bricks
Started on a corner now a nigga 106
Heroin and quinine nah you can't quiet mine
I got the whole dirty south in line buyin' mine
You know I gotta shine you just bezzle yours
I Fifty-carat mine I'm fuckin' several whores
When you hear the (brrrr) you know I got the sack
Cause when I hit the (brrrr) he always got the packs
M-I-Yayo I'm gettin' cake ho
If you don't love Cash Money you can stay broke
Fifty on the chain twenty for the piece
A grand for the bitch the whip is not a lease
You know I'm stuntin' hard Phantom in the front yard
Put Ross on the front just to front hard
Cash Money money comin' on freight liners
Cash Money got me buyin' these great diamonds

[Chorus: T-Pain]
Yeah (I got the shoes wit' the matchin' fit check)
Yeah (I got them jewels lookin' phat around my neck)
Yeah (Take a picture)
Click click (Take a picture)
Click click (Check me out!)
Yeah I know what I'm doin'
Yeah (I got the shoes wit' the matchin' fit check)
Yeah (I got them jewels lookin' phat around my neck)
Yeah (Take a picture)
Click click (Take a picture)
Click click (Check me out!)
Yeah I know what I'm doin'

[Verse 2: Birdman]
We got the swine wit' the suede on top
The money keep a-comin' nigga peep the droptops
The white keep cookin' and the beige raw rock
And we flip the whole bird mama cookin' out the pots
Keep the tool in my hand cause we get it 'round the clock
Untangle few knots but we still flood the blocks
Them niggas poppin' shit but they know we stay cocked
And if they ever play wit' me I'm gettin' another teardrop
250 on the grill spent the same on the watch
Them hoes see us winnin' so you know they gon' flock
I bought another island wit' them foreign head lights
I scored a hundred birds and they flew the same night
Them laws keep a-watchin' so we shinin' so bright
Got the tags on the windows and them brand new bikes
Big Money Heavyweight nigga that's my life
Neighborhood superstars got the candy on the whips and the bike nigga

[Chorus: T-Pain]
Yeah (I got the shoes wit' the matchin' fit check)
Yeah (I got them jewels lookin' phat around my neck)
Yeah (Take a picture)
Click click (Take a picture)
Click click (Check me out!)
Yeah I know what I'm doin'
Yeah (I got the shoes wit' the matchin' fit check)
Yeah (I got them jewels lookin' phat around my neck)
Yeah (Take a picture)
Click click (Take a picture)
Click click (Check me out!)
Yeah I know what I'm doin'

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Started with some hubbers 12 years old
Man I swear to God I was 12 years old
My mama didn't know and Stunna ain't know 'bout it
'Til the day I got shot they found some money in my pocket
Yeah... I know a nigga named Big Rufus that'll break ya off
Them niggas runnin' up the terminal we takin' off
They say that money turn a model bitch into a dog
And I got a couple Eva Pigfords in my backyard
Nigga I mack hard, bitch I'm a bad boy
Fuck a security guard I turn 'em into track stars
You know my name baby, that's Weezy Fuckin' Baby
And if that nigga hatin' on ya, then fuck him baby
I tell 'em fuck 'em girl
18 inch windows in my crib you'll see the whole world
Bitch what you tryna do? I haven't spent the check yet off Tha Carter II
I am that fuckin' dude now who the fuck are you?

[Chorus: T-Pain]
Yeah (I got the shoes wit' the matchin' fit check)
Yeah (I got them jewels lookin' phat around my neck)
Yeah (Take a picture)
Click click (Take a picture)
Click click (Check me out!)
Yeah I know what I'm doin'
Yeah (I got the shoes wit' the matchin' fit check)
Yeah (I got them jewels lookin' phat around my neck)
Yeah (Take a picture)
Click click (Take a picture)
Click click (Check me out!)
Yeah I know what I'm doin'

***

TRACK: Don't Die

[Intro: Birdman & Lil Wayne]
Yeah...Yeah
Check me out man..Yeah

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Original gangsta, black clothes and bangers
Bullet shells and chambers, fill the L's up
We stay low from the ranges cause they trying to tame us
But we brainless and just think
I'm one sell out record away from being famous
Shit I guess I ain't it
You could paint it how you may, but I remain this gangsta 'til the day
I lay where the worms stay
I spit it for my nigga's sake, I spit it for myself a long time ago
Got a few houses, few whips, few condos
I'm so straight I'm pointing
The game is hurting, and baby boy the ointment
Baby boy the president now, shit you gotta make an appointment
Two record labels, you should come join 'em
Do check the label
And make sure it's yellow or rose 'fore you bring it to my table

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
Gansters don't die, they get chubby and they move to Miami, I move to Miami
I'm banned from Wet Willies, but a nigga like fuck it
I'm still a G, thugging out in public, believe it
Gansters don't die, they get chubby and they move to Miami, I move to Miami
I'm banned from Wet Willies, but a nigga like fuck it
I'm still a G, thugging out in public, straight up

[Verse 2: Birdman]
Yeah...
Nigga playing, doing about 180
Mazeratti, matching drop top sun shade
Gotta be fly, P1 nigga, spent about five on a condo high in the sky
G4 whenever, fly in any weather
Had to pop a few pussies that was bad feathers
Million on the floor
Thats fo' sho' that lil' homie got the flow, so we all just goin flow
And don't think about the past
A little water came, now we floatin on everything
Niggas doing about anything, killin while they hustlin
Niggas puttin it in for the change
So we headed to the game, Culpepper gettin' his roll on
I'm on the side with that bling
And outside, got them thangs
Them Phantoms out there, we do it up, switchin lanes

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Naw, don't fuck with that dogg
Yo, I'm gonna knock your fuckin head off
And I'm coming back hard
Stunner get me to work, and I'm runnin that off
I'm comin back with it, and let my team split it
With a swagger you can't get, naw you can't get it
Shit, bitch I pop like Diddy, I pop like when he goin stop? When it's empty
And you still drawing Leonardo D'Vinci

[Verse 4: Birdman]
Trap me, I'm in there early, gettin money ridin dirty
Uptown puttin in down blowin out the pound
Duffle bag full of cash when I come around
The lil' homie got the game so I put him down
Hold my town, world wide wearin a crown
Like father like son, got it off the mound
Like father like son, nigga's stand their grounds
Like father like son, nigga fuck them clowns

[Hook]

[Over Chours: Birdman]
Yeah nigga
Un-fuckin-believable
I know y'all hear some more shit about me and my little young nigga
You know, they mouth like they ass
Anything will come outta that motherfucker ya' heard me
Big shouts to all them cities who opened your arms to us nigga
And let us through that motherfucker, ya' heard me
Cause that water ran us out that motherfucker, but we did bounce back
Believe that 305, 404, 713, all that, Dallas, Kansas
Everybody ya' heard me, Oklahoma, yeah, everybody, the whole world

***

TRACK: Ain't Worried Bout Shit

(Lil Wayne)
Ha.. I'm.. so cool

(Baby)
Yeah nigga, stand one, blow one nigga

(LW)
Bird.. man

(B)
I promise you, we gon' give 'em what they want 'til they come get us nigga

(LW)
Bird.. man, J-R, ya know

(B)
You feel me?
When gon' chase it 'til we can't chase it no more
So y'all might as well eat this food nigga
And it got to be the best of the best
One, come one shorty, get with me nigga

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
See I, ride when I gotta, grind cause I gotta
Milk this game 'til it's sour
Why I gotta do the backstreets when it's hotter?
Even though the boy smooth sellin' like Prada, (speak up)
The tool yellin' like, holla, y'heard me?
Got the fools bailin' like Jackie, Kersee
You try join him, I can help you with that
I'm important in rap, but I'm special with gats
You know the young god bless you in fact, like you sneezed or somethin'
Even with a stack of money in they hand, they ain't squeezin' nothin'
I'm Weezy fuck it
Leave a motherfucker wheezin' when I asthma pump him
Yeah, and I don't ask for nothin' boy
I only Aston Buggy boy
And as for money
Watch the young god turn cash to money
It's that simple

[Hook x2: Lil' Wayne]
Yea, and we ain't stressin' 'bout shit
We grindin' like a mo'fucker tryin' stay rich
The cops on my trail so my track I switch
See niggas with money shouldn't act like this

[Verse 2: Baby]
Yeah, pimpin', there's some fraud 'round here
Nigga better stop hatin' before they disappear
I see the same ol' shit
And pop the same ol' shit 'til your neighborhood hit (bitch)
Disrespect that Nolia dawg
Them third world Hot Boys soldiers dawg
And make a nigga understand
When you fuckin' with a soldier with the grandmaster plan (nigga)
I'm tryin' to make a few million
Buy a few buildings, one day stop dealin'
And go and raise my children
Got it on my mind, that's the way a nigga livin'
I bring you back to '84
Dope game jumpin' when the water hit the flo' (nigga)
Cause we was doin' it, dogg
Everybody gettin' money, we was doin' it, dogg

[Hook x2]

[Verse 3: Lil' Wayne]
Weezy, and I ride to the end of the road
And I'm hotter than a fire on the end of the fo'
And plenty times I had to get it from the flo'
But I made it to the ceiling and every wall could hear me
And if these walls could talk
They'd probably cry, like the strings on the guitar
And see you, you with that bullshit that's leeway to the do'
Only to cut off the lights, g'night

[Verse 4: Baby]
Look, it's Sunday, we in the hood gettin' our groove on
Every nigga uptown gotta have they tool on
Yeah, and they Birdman'd down
Niggas represent the bling cause I hold my own crown nigga
Shit, a hood rich high clique
That come from the slums where they pack extra clips
I love 'em nigga, the only way that we know is how to flip and rescore 'em
And go and get some more dough, nigga

[Hook]

[Outro: Baby]
Yeah, this grindin' to another linin' nigga
Know what I'm sayin'?
If you in the way, you'll get moved over nigga
Think I'mma let one of you bitch niggas stop me from gettin' a billion dollars nigga?
Fuck ya and what ya made of nigga
Y'understand? Nigga got a problem with this shit
That's your shit nigga
Suck a nigga dick a die nigga
Birdman, made man nigga
Yeah, that's how it's goin' diggity nigga
Fuck anything in between
If you in the line of duty nigga you got your issue, feel me?
One

***

TRACK: Out the Pound

[Hook: Birdman]
We got the diamond in the back (Yea)
Tinted rolled up (Yea)
Blowin' out the pound
In a brand new truck

Where ya at wit' it?
Let's go and get it
If you a real d-boy
Money over bitches

[Intro over the hook]
Yea, this one here for uptown
I know we lost a lot that we gon' never get back
All the time, but it's a must that we do this here homeboy
Yea, uptown already nigga!

[Verse 1: Birdman]
Slap a bitch wit' a pound and a ki
Twenty of them thangs, ten on my street
Hundred at my crib, ten fo' a beat
Fifty on a Caddy wit' the swine suade seats
Twenty on a bike, third world peace
Two on the yaucht, million on the fleet
Fo' five fo' a pound of that leaf
A hundred dollaz for a chopper on the streets
We uptown, we gon' ride 'til we die nigga
We stay fresh, get money stay fly nigga
Ain't nuttin' changed I ride them skinny tires
Wit' the candy on the slab, on the buttons wit' them twenty-fives
From no money nigga, now we talk Ca$h Money
From lil' money nigga, now we talk big money
From no nothin' now we all sayin' somethin'
Mo' money nigga, mo' money nigga

[Hook] - 2X

[Verse 2: Birdman]
What it do H-Town?
Wha's up B-Town?
Wha's up A-T-L?
Chea
Hit the town in a Phantom and a Jeep
Wit' two pounds, two broads and a suite
Two toned everything a nigga see
Burnin' rubber in these motherfuckin' streets
Made man, ol' head taught me
Like father, like son we a G
Sixty-four seventy-eight tiger seats
Ol' school drop tops on the beach
Birdman, we do this 'cuz we stunnas
Ain't nuttin' changed in them brand new Hummas
Hood rich, we do it fo' the numbas
Tha fo' fives and the tens and the hundreds
Two fifteen nigga talkin' cash shit
Got a hundred from my bitch she a badd bitch
Money won't change nigga neva average
That's why I'm livin' this bitch so lavish

[Hook] - 2X

[Verse 3: Birdman]
Yea nigga
We been blowin' out the pound all day hustlin'
Ya heard me?
And this is how we get down at the end of the night
After all that grindin'
Shit
I'm in the club, hoez showin' love
Nigga know we got it, that's why they wanna plug
Pussy poppin' shit, like they wanna thug
Knowin' they ain't 'bout it and them clips gon' bust
I got stacks, that's jus' how it is
Boy Mack supa fly in a Coupe Deville
And got birds in the field
Grindin' all the time
Tryna get a mill'
Neighborhood superstar, third world gangsta
I put mines in, did a lil' more thinkin'
Shine in the summer
Minx in the winter
Ice year round
Twenty on the pinky
Damn my town
Went down sinkin'
Made my rounds
Bounced back bankin'
Neva fold
That's what make me
Make the money
Don't let it break ya

[Hook] - 2X

Yea
That's what it do nigga
We better hustlaz than you nigga
Money longer than yours lil' nigga
Believe that
One hundred
Wha's up Weezy baby?
Them niggas can't see us man
We barely can see us, ya heard? {*fades out*}

***

TRACK: Leather So Soft

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
My leather so soft, my top so soft
I'll probably have it off, these niggas so soft
And I go so hard
Bitch, I go so hard
She said my leather so soft, my top so soft
I'll probably have it off, these niggas so soft
And I go so hard
Bitch, I go so hard

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
I get money, ho, fuck what you talkin' 'bout
Straight out the slaughterhouse straight out the dragon's mouth
Fire you can't put out tires are standin' out
The coupe look pigeon-toed I be in a different mode
I be with them different hoes, no I mean them different hoes
I mean them Weezy bumbaclot different hoes
And as far as terrific goes, they kiss that dick with no mistletoes
Diamonds and pearls and pussy hoes
Snortin' coke 'til they nose bleed
I'm sittin' high on them inches I'm in the nosebleeds
I'm on a paper chase until my toes bleed
Then I get on these beats and let my soul bleed
I put 'em in ya head and watch the holes bleed
My rag always red like when them hoes bleed
Now that's coldbleed I mean cold blooded
And I'm so southern that's why my leather so soft

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Birdman]
She soft as a bush nigga she purple like kush nigga
We high on that money nigga we get it from cook nigga
Hit her wit' that crook nigga fuckin' wit' crooks nigga
Know we 'bout that money and we stackin' like books nigga
Know what I do nigga them teardrops is true nigga
We stay so fly ride Bentley coupes nigga
Rolls Royce Corniches and asses by the beaches
Blowin' on that puff and we drivin' foreign features
Higher than whoever nigga know we 'bout that cheddar, nigga
Know I got a tommy gun gave one to my young'n son
And we got it together
.47, .51, you gon' hear us when we come, daddy

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
You see the paper gon' come if not I'm gon' get it
I gotta die with money cause I wasn't born wit 'it
It was 9-27-82 baby due
Charity Hospital aka the city zoo
No pity due to no one nobody not all
Man, they dropped us in the game and everybody's trying to ball
And the small hand'll touch ya, the large hand'll cut ya
But until that day, I'll be a mothafuckin' stunna, nigga

[Birdman]
Ball 'til I fall I done did it for my dawgs
Ball 'til I fall I done did it for y'all
Ball 'til I fall I done did it for me nigga
Ball 'til I fall that's the way it's gon' be nigga
Up in the early I done did it for sunshine
Candy on the paint everytime I touch mine
Nine stay cocked cause I'm good wit' firin' mines
Alligator wit' the suede ridin' them 25's

[Hook]

***

TRACK: Army Gunz

[Refrain]
Yeah yeah yeah, I got army guns
Yeah yeah yeah, I-I-I got army guns
Yeah yeah yeah, I-I-I-I got army guns
Yeah yeah yeah, I-I-I-I-I got army guns
Now you know I play it like a pro in the game x4

[Verse 1]
Okay, I'm out here, you niggas done started it, you ordered it
Bullet find a home in ya arteries, pardon me
But them niggas won't touch not a part of me, bet on it
Them niggas belong in a sorority, ain't that a bitch
Burn they bodies up for the authorities, no evidence
You gone stop fuckin' with them warriors from New Orleans
And, I really think that it'd be better if
I just hit your block with that beretta and hop out and let her rip
Let her bang, let her bust, etcetera, etcetera
You niggas is scared of the, southern part of America
Here it come, got a gun, never come without one
Niggas wanna ball, so I guess I gotta bounce 'em
Smokin' on an ounce of that shit from the mountains
People say I need to stop, no I need a counselor
And down here you are gonna need a chopper
And I'mma need a lawyer, and you gon' need a doctor (Why? Because...)

[Refrain]

[Verse 2]
Get at em we hit 'em up if they rattin'
Niggas ain't fuckin' with the boy them niggas softer than satin
I'm feeling awful and aggy, yes I walk with the maggy
I tell him park in a alley, and leave 'em parked in the alley
Niggas talking about me, but they ain't talking it at me
Cause if they talkin' it at me, then I'm just talking to caskets
All that talking is pussy bitch you better make ya words strong
Cause the shit gettin' chiseled on ya tombstone
What they do I got a chopper in the UHaul
Make a real nigga bring it back to '92 dog
Bring his ass to the river drop the fool off
Hope he can swim with them concrete shoes on
I got the gun right beside me who don't
Got beef homie I was just getting hungry
When you come bitch you better bring an army
We can do it in the streets and throw a gansgta party nigga (Why? Because...)

[Refrain]

[Verse 3]
Thirty shots in the clip, nigga let's trip
Line 'em up, put 'em down on the guest list
These niggas 'bout to make me go Rambo
I'mma take the shit as far as it can go
War is the answer if ya questioning the general
Snap shots at you baby you are just a centerfold
And less Kenny Cole, niggas seem plenty bold
Pull that bitch out alright don't make me get my fishin' pole
Them niggas hoes, really doe
I would swing down there with any O, Forty-Fo' and let 'em go
Let 'em know, that I ain't never been sweet and won't be
Yes I'll be right here on the ground when you want me
Make a nigga have to come back like Rufus Mack
Thomas bitch I promise I'll kill ya and that's a fact
And I ain't never killed no one, Jack
But I'm honest bitch I promise I'll kill ya and that's a fact (Why? Because...)

[Refrain]

***

TRACK: Protector (Skit)

[Skit]
The other thing is this I want you to learn: I want to go around all over the streets, and you make yourself a protector. You go in, and you make sure these guys are all safe, okay, you offer them an order of protection for a small nominable fee, and thats the way you do it. You walk in and you tell 'em, "Hey, you know, we're gonna take care of your business, but you gotta pay us X amount of dollars a week." So you collect from them, you bring it to us, we give your piece and you're earning the money for the family, and then you go up and up and up the pole

***

TRACK: Get That Money

[Verse 1 - Lil Wayne]
I know some niggas that'll merk ya for a quarter birdy
You bitch ass niggas just be lucky that the boy ain't hurtin'
I got the money to lag and I got that swagger workin'
I'm smokin' somethin' I can't pronounce behind them Phantom curtains
What is you holl'in' bitch I'm on some gangsta shit
She wanna make me dinner I tell her make me rich
You fuckin' wit' a winner but I come from a little
Ho but bet I can take that dirt and turn that shit glitter
I leave the work wit' her yeah she my baby sitter
And if I find out she stealin' for realer I'mma kill her
I'm just a money maaan so where the dollars at
??? beat that until them flowers black
She wanna ride on this I make her ride wit' that
Her pistol in the ceilin' that's her survival pack
And do I love her nawww man I just love her spirit
Blind deaf or crazy it's money over bitches

[Hook - Lil Wayne - 2X]
Now everybody that I know get that money baby
And we ain't worryin' 'bout them hoes get that money baby
You get that cooked or that blow you done called a baller
If you ain't talkin' 'bout that dough homie what'cha talkin'

[Verse 2 - Birdman]
So get'cha game up take a bitch break a bitch
Strap her down wit' work and tell her don't trip take a trip
Get'cha hustle up the money's what you make of it
These niggas want it cooked and I done closed down the bakery
So stop stuntin' homie false promotin'
It ain't about what'cha makin' it's about what ya totin'
Burn him up leave him naked bring him back to his wife
The bitch ain't even cry cause he was livin' that life
These niggas think I'm slippin' cause I'm fallin' back
Bitch I got money in the walls for that
Young'n get it from the ground homie hold the hood down and
Don't make a sound if them people swing around this bitch
Do ya thang whoa' hustle try to stay low
This is for my old school G's who ain't around this bitch
But shawty they ain't fuckin' wit' pops
Let them niggas chase that pussy we gon' follow that guap... yeah

[Hook - Lil Wayne]

[Verse 3 - Birdman]
Fifty stacks in the garden in the backyard
Money talkin' turn a key into a crack charge
Y'all niggas ain't eatin' how we eatin' B
Fuck how we used to be now we how we need to be
If they ain't wit' us they must be against us
We shoot 'em in the head cause they act like they senseless
If you ain't gettin' bread nigga keep yo' distance
We sharks over here nigga keep on fishin'

[Lil Wayne]
Money money money is my intuition
Money over bitches such an easy decision
Young Money money men monster militia
Hardbody these niggas boxes of tissue
That nina will kiss ya that chopper will twist ya
Them .380 snapshots now smile for the pictures
Weezy motherfuckin' Baby pay me
My 9-to-5 is overrated I'm on that grind ho

[Hook - Lil Wayne]

***

TRACK: No More

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
I got the brown bag full of money
I got the work goin to florida
And I swore that I won't ever hustla no more
But I don't never say that no more got my mind
Right nah
I got the brown bag full of money
I got the work goin to florida and I swore
That I won't ever hustla no more
But I don't never say that no more got my mind
Right money right

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
The pots hot as the rock expands it the paper chasin'
Man on the clock like hands grindin
Like teeth get money like heath cliff hukstable keep it comin
Like keith gotta meke last forever for worse
Or for better gotta make it past the devil
So guns I got several and everybody plays the fool says aaron
Nevelle but I just play to win holler back like heavy metal
Smellin like pedals from a rose so they hoes
My breads buildin bagels and legos when I rose
They froze trust me for the pesos I'm an a hole AK holes
Think face blow and understand talkin money
By the case loads gun off safety I'm in safe mode
I will hold court until the case closed
Brown bag bitch

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
I got the brown bag full of money
I got the work goin to florida
And I swore that I won't ever hustla no more
But I don't never say that no more got my mind
Right nah
I got the brown bag full of money
I got the work goin to florida
And I swore that I won't ever hustla no more
But I don't never say that no more got my mind
Right money right

[Verse 2: All Star Cashville Prince]
Young new investment ain't no turnin me back
Had the rubber band stacks in the button king sack
And I ain't never goin back sike I love the life standin
Under the street ilght tryin to get off that white
At a reasonable price nah I ain't tryin to bargain
Wit ya niggas hatin well I guess they gonna be
Starvin wit you I got 2 jobs I sell and cop shit
Like father like son well I was adopoted
I told the birdman stunna gimme a chance and I don't even wanna
Tell you waht I did with my advance cause I'm only a man
I had to feed my fam takin that hood shit
And copped 3,024 grams man I guess it is what it is it
Was what it was before the rap game I waas sellin drugs
Either way I'm six figures before my first record
I'll stunt yall don't respect my my work habits I'm a hustla

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
I got the brown bag full of money
I got the work goin to florida
And I swore that I won't ever hustla no more
But I don't never say that no more got my mind
Right nah
I got the brown bag full of money
I got the work goin to florida
And I swore that I won't ever hustla no more
But I don't never say that no more got my mind
Right money right

[Verse 3: Birdman]
Yeah thank you up nigga uptown from an 8 to a quarter
From a half to a brick from an 0 to the ozies
That how I'm hood rich and murder was the case got me
Emptyin a lot clips stunna hollerin birdman
Nigga right back in this bitch 3rd world throw the u
Up I'm rollin in the whip with this money on my mind gotta
Hustla and to lift them high rise dealin me and youngin
On some shit breaking bread choppin millions
Cause a bitch ain't shit told as a youngin how roll
With the chopper if money on your block for the money
Ima pop ya nigga wanna hate but they money
Wouldn't stop us from ridin fly whips now they ho out
Jockin we stunnin while ya hating nigga stunna
Is what made ya I hear ya poppin shit
But the birdman raised ya bitch
Birdman got an army birdman got a navy
And cash money can't save ya

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
I got the brown bag full of money
I got the work goin to florida
And I swore that I won't ever hustla no more
But I don't never say that no more got my mind
Right nah
I got the brown bag full of money
I got the work goin to florida
And I swore that I won't ever hustla no more
But I don't never say that no more got my mind
Right money right

***

TRACK: High

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
One-ninety proof, sub-nine in a shiny coupe
Up-towners inside the booth, shut down anybody who
Come 'round with a lolly gag, leave, found in a body bag
Legs stiff, toes green, give him a title tag
Flossy nigga, but there lies a killer behind the flash
Bossy nigga, so presidential, thanks to my dad
Gotta add, how I got four states to call a pad
I'm mad as a motherfucker, why? I'm rich
Buy a bag, brother, get a nigga high, I'm lit
I'm bad, I hit'chu in ya eye and ya bitch
I hit'cha where ya hide, now ya it, now ya sick
Hot Boy baby, yeah, hot cars, stock car, rock star
What'cha know about it? It's not four babies
Unless you're Weezy F Baby
And please say the Baby when you say it, motherfucker

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
[Riding in my wheels, late night
Left arm on the steering wheel
Red light, cops in my rearview
But fuck them cause I'm high
Yeah, yeah, baby, I'm so high]
Riding in my wheels, late night
Left arm on the steering wheel
Red light, cops in my rearview
But fuck them cause I'm high
Yeah, yeah, baby, I'm so high

[Verse 2: Birdman]
See we ride for flame, nigga, a G to my name, nigga
I dos my thang, nigga, I'm getting this change, nigga
So who's to blame, nigga, about the game, nigga
They said I did it, so fuck them niggas
I gave the plan, nigga, I gave the game, nigga
I'm doin my thang, and still fuck them niggas
I know the lane, nigga, I know the pain, nigga
I know the fame, and still fuck them niggas
Nigga, yeah, we chilling with them bitches on us
Holla, nigga, while we counting our hood riches
Thinking 'bout all the hood niggas
Never got a chance to hit licks for them six figures
Nigga, and if you doing it how we done it, nigga
Watch for the law, cause we knew when it was coming, nigga
And every summer had Hummers, nigga
Spent a million dollars like it wasn't nothing, nigga

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
[Riding in my wheels, late night
Left arm on the steering wheel
Red light, cops in my rearview
But fuck them cause I'm high
Yeah, yeah, baby, I'm so high]
[Riding in my wheels, late night
Left arm on the steering wheel
Red light, cops in my rearview
But fuck them cause I'm high
Yeah, yeah, baby, I'm so high]

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Yo, check it
And no bitch can't, and no nigga won't
Fuck with me, play with me, no
Cause I got me fosho
And I got Ds to blow, fosho
Come on, now if ya feel me put'cha guns in the air
Pull 'em out, and let the player haters know that it's there
Bang that motherfucker, and pop that motherfucker
Yeah, fall back, young man, who?
Weezy Baby, a hundred grand, you understand?
Yeah, wife beater fitting me perfect, exactly
Jeans falling off my ass, pocket cash showing
Rock 'n' roll, we can rock to my pad, yeah
Cold Saki shots, chilled Patron, half a glass, yeah
Whoa, now she hot, now it's on, now she bent
I let her clothes drop, while she going to my bed
And I'm going to my bed right behind her
Got a couple questions in her pussy
I picked tonight to find 'em
And I might define 'em if I hit from right behind her
And get her how I got her, now she digging my persona
She like a virgin, but like Madonna
I don't believe her at all, I'm just tryna ride ya
Until the seats fall off, but we good
This is Cash Money, Young Money, get it, understood

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
[Riding in my wheels, late night
Left arm on the steering wheel
Red light, cops in my rearview
But fuck them cause I'm high
Yeah, yeah, baby, I'm so high]
[Riding in my wheels, late night
Left arm on the steering wheel
Red light, cops in my rearview
But fuck them cause I'm high
Yeah, yeah, baby, I'm so high]

***

TRACK: Cali Dro

[Intro]
I'll pull up the Henny, Coke and light up that dro
I'll pull up the Henny, Coke and light up that dro
Light up that dro, light up that dro
Light up that dro, light up that dro
I'll pull up the Henny, Coke and light up that dro

Smokin' up the Cali, smokin', smokin' up the Cali
(I'm buyin' the bar tonight)
Smokin' up the Cali, smoke, smoke, smokin' up the Cali
(Cause we're smokin' all night at the banquet club, nigga)
(Twelve thousand niggas, smoke a pound, nigga)
Smokin' up the Cali, smokin', smokin' up the Cali

I'll pull up the Henny, Coke and light up that dro
(Yeah, put some chrome
On your... while you're at it nigga)

[Verse 1: Birdman]
So light it up and pass the thang to me
I'm fresh off parole I could smoke a whole P
Can smell it in my clothes you can smell it in my seats
That's how a nigga rolls I was raised in them streets
I'm rolling up a sweet, I'm fillin' it with keef
I'm too high to talk bitch, keep it real brief
If it ain't about money, you don't even gotta speak
I smoke it in a paper, Weezy smoke it in a leaf
And nigga I'mma Stunna, I got runnas
And we keep them shotguns like hunters
We smoke thunder, it put me under
I'm talkin' 'bout straight purple kush that fungus
See I be fuckin' with them trees, cause I'm straight out the jungle
Keep about five pounds and we ain't even tryin' to hustle
Y'all already know how that go
(I'll pull up the Henny, Coke and light up that dro)

[Hook] (x2)
Smokin' up the Cali, smokin', smokin' up the Cali
Smokin' up the Cali, smoke-smoke-smokin' up the Cali
Smokin' up the Cali, smokin', smokin' up the Cali
I'll pull up the Henny, Coke and light up that dro

[Lil Wayne]
I get my kush from California, get my dro from Arizona
I can get it 'cross the border, I got a Ryda named Winona
And I be calmer than a soma, inside of the phantom
And it's lookin' like a sauna, and I stay high and I still got my diploma
And I still keep the maggie on me like a Homer
And I'm too sick, man, I'm spittin' out a coma
And I'm still lettin' the money pile like goma
And I smoke that kill, y'all blowin' on begonias
And I keep a field of that grass like a farmer
And I keep that armor, try me and I'll spin you around
I'll be with the stars and I ain't talkin' Tinsel Town
That's right the prince in town, bitch tear the fences down
Like Prince in town, boy I shits a pound of that purple rain on the marvin's day
You wit' me now? Too high you can't set me down

[Hook] (x2)

[Verse 3: Daz & (Kurupt)]
We got that AK-47 white right on set painted
And named it orange purple kush that million dollar top brand
(I got that white ivory ice tee, doctors requestin' dope weed)
(Blazin' up so much bomb, I got a bad bitch on my side)
See see we just smokin' we just smokin', we just tryin' to fire up
If you got the bomb bomb nigga come and light it up
(Yeah blaze up ain't nothin like ridin' by, drivin' high)
(Me and all the homies smokin', dumpin' if you chokin' smokin')
Smoke slow when they hit you cuz you might pass out
(Look over at the bitches, snatch a blunt up out her mouth, bitch)
Switch it to another scene, that has you smokin' endo green
(Some homies be on that lean, mix it with that endo weed)
Because we fucked up, we fucked up, you know that we fucked up
(I like to smoke and drink, with that nympho plated thang)
Because we fucked up, we fucked up, you know that we fucked up

[Hook] (x2)

***

TRACK: About All That

[Verse 1 - Lil Wayne]
Young desperado, straight out the grotto
I'm so bad, my shadow chooses not to follow
Little nigga, but see me as a fuckin' rhino
Lil Weezy hit this bitch like Rocky Marciano
It's a drought ain't it? How the fuck would I know?
Nigga, I've been getting my share in like Sonny Bono
I ran the streets... check my bio
I started high with two O's just like Ohio
I'm fuckin' nuts; cashews
But I'm so DC like fat shoes
I skate away, like "Later dudes"
Never get caught, baby, I'm mashed potato smooth
And just when it stopped, I made it move
Respect me nigga I'm a dog; no Asian food
I wet up the party, so have a bathin' suit
And daisy dukes you bitch ass nigga

[Hook - Lil Wayne]
Keep talking that shit that you talking
And we gone have to get into some gangsta shit
My nigga... keep talking that shit that you talking
And we gone have to get into some gangsta shit
My nigga... Cause you ain't really even 'bout all that
You ain't really even 'bout all that
And don't you forget.. I know ya, you ain't 'bout all that
You ain't never been about all that... fall back

[Verse 2 - Fat Joe]
Niggas must want Joey to lean on 'em
Flash the binky, splash his dreams on 'em
Let 'em sleep on it, it's nothing to Crack
Lay the murder game down back to hustlin' packs
Yeah Weezy homie's got your back, whether raps or macks
Either way they both spit like BRRRRAT!
Nigga... them muhfuckas is broke like them levees
And we done sold so much dope ain't shit you tell me
Nigga... how you want it huh coke or dog food?
My shit'll have you running naked like an old school
And yeah we 'bout it 'bout it, and you ain't ridin' on me
Unless ya got a whole fuckin' suicidal army
And I'm a rider homie, and you can find it on me
That 40 cal'll get your shirt picture ironed on it
This shit is funny to me
All these niggas wanting war but they runnin' from me... Crack!

[Hook - Lil Wayne]

[Verse 3 - Birdman]
I had 'em as lil' niggas, raised 'em 'round real niggas
Poppin' bottles fuckin' with them bitches nigga
Made money to the ceiling, me and my young nigga chilling
I'm in the streets, hustling, getting money nigga
Changed all my new shoes nigga, got some new tools
Nigga got some more jewels, we was getting money
And ain't nothing ever changed, still doing the thang
Still getting money, still spending change
We hustling from Sunday to Sunday
And we grinding everyday like the money ain't coming
Nigga... yeah we riding woodgrains and minks
Got the dope in the Hummer cold case for that thing
I hate the law for what they done did they broke in niggas cribs
Wish I woulda caught 'em Idda split they fuckin' wig
3rd Ward let me claim my fame
I put it down, Uptown, I'mma do my thang believe that

[Hook - Lil Wayne]

***

TRACK: Respect (Skit)

[Skit]
I'm so glad to see how far you came in life. And now since you're gonna become one of the bosses, it's nice to see that someone is following in my footsteps. Carry on the name and tradition, but remember one thing: It's respect, never cross the line, and you'll always earn a lot of cash money

---

WORK: Tha Carter III

***

TRACK: 3 Peat

[Intro]
Yessir!
They can't stop me
Even if they stopped me
Hahahah, yeah

[Refrain]
I'm on it, ooh, I'm on it
I'm so on it, and however you want it
You can get it tonight ho, and all night ho
I get the beat from (Maestro), fuckin' right, ho!

[Verse]
I might go crazy on these niggas, I don't give a motherfuck
Run up in a nigga house and shoot his grandmother up
What! What! I don't give a motherfuck
Get your baby kidnapped and your baby-mother fucked
It's Tha Carter 3, bitch, better put your supper up
Hollygrove, I throw it up like I'm trying to lose my gut
Fuck is up? Beat him up like a million uppercuts
Got a million duffled up for the fuck of it, shit
Get on my level, you can't get on my level
You gon' need a space shuttle or a ladder that's forever
However, I'm better, if not now, then never
Don't you ever fix your lips unless you 'bout to suck my dick
Bitch, swallow my words, taste my thoughts
And if it's too nasty, spit it back at me
Two more inches, I'd have been in that casket
According to the doctor, I could've died in traffic
Bounce right back on them bitches, like Magic
Abracadabra, I'm up, like Viagra
I just do this shit for my clique, like Adam Sandler
I control hip-hop and I'mma keep it on my channel
Watch me, bitch, watch me
Bitch, watch me, but they cannot-see me, like Hitler
It's the New Orleans nightmare
Money so old, it's growing white hair
Young Money, baby, yeah we right here
I'ma make sure we ball 'til we fall like tears
And mama, don't cry, your son can handle his
I got her out the hood and put her in the hills
Yeah, when I was 14, I told my mom we will see better days
And sure enough, I got Miss Cita in a better place
When I was 14, I told my mom we will see better days
And sure enough, we did exactly what I said
I told my girl "When you fuck me, better fuck me good
Cause if another girl could, she gonna fuck me good"
No sitting at the table if you bringing nothing to it
And I get straight to it like it's nothing to it
Yeah, I got game like Stuart
Scott, fresh out the ESPN shop
And when SportsCenter poppin', everything stoppin'
But you can't fool me, I know what you watchin'

[Refrain]
Me! You watch me! You watch me
Cause I be, Weezy, must see, T.V., C3
Nigga, that's me, and I'm me, I'm me, times three
So retreat, or suffer defeat, I'm back, 3-peat
C3!

***

TRACK: Mr. Carter

[Produced by Infamous and Drew Correa]

[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Yo, yo Drew and Inf
This-this, this right here is crazy
Yo I, I feel big, you know what I mean?
Like, not, not big in the sense of, weight
You know what I mean? Like gainin' weight or nothin' like that
Like colossal
Like, you know what I mean, like (sighs)
I heard you were lookin' for me

[Hook: Sha-Ron Prescott & Lil Wayne]
Hey, Mr. Carter (Hello)
Tell me, where have you been? (Haha, you know, hehe)
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching
They've been wondering why (I know, haha)
Hey, Mr. Carter (Hey, hello)
Tell me, where have you been? (Shit, you know)
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching
They've been wondering why (Hahahah)

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, to you forever, from me to you
I heard somebody say "Church", I'ma need a suit
I'ma need a coupe, I won't need a roof
Flyer than Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice
I got the flow, I'm tryin' to see the roof
Didn't wear a bulletproof so I got shot and you can see the proof
Blind eyes could look at me and see the truth
Wonder if Stevie do?
But I'ma leave it to God, not Beaver, neither you
Cause I'ma murder Y, kill O, and even U
Man, I got Summer hatin' on me cause I'm hotter than the Sun
Got Spring hatin' on me 'cause I ain't never sprung
Winter hatin' on me 'cause I'm colder than y'all
And I will never, I will never, I will never Fall
I'm being hated by the seasons
So fuck y'all who hatin' for no reason

[Hook: Sha-Ron Prescott & Lil Wayne]
Hey, Mr. Carter (I am him!)
Tell me, where have you been?
Around the world and I'm back again!
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching
Who's been askin' about me?
They've been wondering why (In case you wonderin', hah!)
Hey, Mr. Carter (I am him!)
Tell me, where have you been?
Around the world now I'm back again!
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching
Who's been askin' about me?
They've been wondering why (In case you wonderin', hah!)

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, I been in and out the bank, bitch
While y'all asshole niggas been on the same shit
I flush and watch 'em go down the drain quick
Two words you never hear: "Wayne quit!?"
Cause Wayne win, and they lose
I call them April babies, cause they fools
And when they snooze, we up!
Feet up, like a paraplegia
Or paraplegic? I parallel park
In that red-and-yellow thing; old school Atlanta Hawk
Like I'm from College Park, but I'm from Hollygrove
Now all my Bloods scream "Soo-woo" and "Da-da-doe"
I know my role and I play it well
And I weigh it well, on my Libra scale
I suck a pussy, fuck a pussy, leave it there
Long hair, don't even care

[Hook: Sha-ron Prescott & Jay-Z]
Hey, Mr. Carter (Young! I am him)
Tell me, where have you been?
Around the world now I'm back again
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching
Who's been askin' about me?
They've been wondering why (In case you wonderin')
Hey, Mr. Carter (I am him)
Tell me, where have you been?
Around the world now I'm back again
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching
Who's been askin' about me?
They've been wondering why (In case you wonderin', chyeah)

[Verse 3: Jay-Z]
I'm right here in my chair with my crown and my dear
Queen B, as I share, mic time with my heir
Young Carter, go farther, go further, go harder
Is that not why we came? And if not, then why bother?
Show no mercy in Murcielagos
I'm far from bein' the bastard that Marcy had fathered
Now my name's been mentioned with the martyrs
The Biggies and the Pacs and the Marleys and the Marcuses
Garvey; got me a molotov-cocktail flow
Even if you box well, can't stop the blows
Kaboom! The Roc Boy in the room
The dope boy I just came off the spoon
Also, I'm so fly I'm on auto-
Pilot, while guys just stare at my wardrobe
I see Euros, that's right: plural
I took so much change from this rap game, it's your go
(Hey Mr. Carter) Young!

[Verse 4: Lil Wayne]
It's my go, yeah… And I'ma go so opposite of soft
Off the richter, Hector, Camacho Man, Randy Savage
Far from average, above status–quo, flow so pro
I know, I ride slow, and when I pass
They say, "What up, killa?" Man, stop bringin' up my past
And next time you mention Pac, Biggie, or Jay-Z
Don't forget Weezy, baby!

[Hook: Sha-Ron Prescott, Lil Wayne & Choir]
Hey, Mr. Carter (Amen)
Tell me, where have you been? (Yeah)
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching
They've been wondering why (Haha)
Hey, Mr. Carter (Amen)
Tell me, where have you been? (Hova!)
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching (Weezy)
They've been wondering why (Baby!)
Hey, Mr. Carter (Hahaha)
Tell me, where have you been? (I been hustlin')
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching (Hustlin' hard)
They've been wondering why (Chyeah!)
Hey, Mr. Carter
Tell me, where have you been?
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching
They've been wondering why

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
And I swear to everything, when I leave this Earth
It's gonna be on both feet, never knees in the dirt
And you can try me, fucker, but when I squeeze, it hurt
Fine, we'll lose two lives; yours and mine
Give me any amount of time, don't let Ms. Carter grieve
At the funeral parlor, drippin' tears down my sleeve
Give me any amount of time, don't let Ms. Carter grieve

***

TRACK: A Milli

[Intro]
Bangladesh
Young Money!
You dig?
Mack, I'm going in

[Verse 1]
A millionaire, I'm a Young Money millionaire
Tougher than Nigerian hair
My criteria compared to your career just isn't fair
I'm a venereal disease, like a menstrual, bleed
Through the pencil, and leak on the sheet of the tablet in my mind
‘Cause I don't write shit, ‘cause I ain't got time
‘Cause my seconds, minutes, hours go to the almighty dollar
And the almighty power of that ch-cha-cha-chopper
Sister, brother, son, daughter, father; mother-fuck a copper
Got the Maserati dancin' on the bridge, pussy poppin'
Tell the coppers: "Ha-ha-ha-ha
You can't catch him, you can't stop him"
I go by them goon rules: if you can't beat 'em, then you pop 'em
You can't man 'em, then you mop 'em
You can't stand 'em, then you drop 'em
You pop 'em ‘cause we pop 'em like Orville Redenbacher

[Hook]
Motherfucker, I'm ill

[Verse 2]
A million here, a million there
Sicilian bitch with long hair, with coke in her derriere
Like smoke in the thinnest air
I open the Lamborghini, hopin' them crackers see me
Like, "Look at that bastard Weezy!"
He's a beast, he's a dog, he's a mothafuckin' problem
Okay, you're a goon, but what's a goon to a goblin?
Nothin', nothin', you ain't scarin' nothin'
On some faggot bullshit: call 'em Dennis Rodman
Call me what you want, bitch! Call me on my Sidekick!
Never answer when it's private, damn, I hate a shy bitch
Don't you hate a shy bitch? Yeah, I ate a shy bitch
And she ain't shy no more: she changed her name to My Bitch
Yeah, nigga, that's my bitch, so when she ask
For the money when you through, don't be surprised, bitch!
And it ain't trickin' if you got it
But you like a bitch with no ass: you ain't got shit
Motherfucker, I'm ill, not sick
And I'm okay, but my watch sick, yeah, my drop sick
Yeah, my Glock sick, and my knot thick — I'm it

[Hook]
Motherfucker, I'm ill

[Verse 3]
See, they say I'm rappin' like B.I.G., Jay, and 2Pac
André 3000, where is Erykah Badu at? Who that?
Who that said they gon' beat Lil Wayne?
My name ain't Bic, but I keep that flame, man
Who that one that do that, boy?
You knew that true that, swallow
And I be the shit, now you got loose bowels
I don't owe you like two vowels
But I would like for you to pay me by the hour
And I'd rather be pushin' flowers
Than to be in the pen sharin' showers
Tony told us this world was ours
And the Bible told us every girl was sour
Don't play in her garden and don't smell her flower
Call me Mr. Carter or Mr. Lawn Mower
Boy, I got so many bitches, like I'm Mike Lowrey
Even Gwen Stefani said she couldn't doubt me
Motherfucker, I say "Life ain't shit without me"
Chrome lips pokin' out the coupe, look like it's poutin'
I do what I do, and you do what you can do about it
Bitch, I can turn a crack rock into a mountain — dare me
Don't you compare me, ‘cause there ain't nobody near me
They don't see me but they hear me
They don't feel me but they fear me
I'm illy, C3, 3 Peat

***

TRACK: Got Money

[Intro: Lil Wayne & T-Pain]
Yeah, yeah!
I need a Winn-Dixie grocery bag full of money (whoo!)
Right now to the VIP section (whoo!)
You got Young Mula in the house tonight, baby (yeah!)
Yeah, haha, yeah, Young (ay-hey)
Young, Young, Young, Young Mula baby!

[Hook: T-Pain]
If you got money (yeah) and you know it (yeah)
Then take it out your pocket and show it then throw it like
(Fly!) This-a-way (fly!) that-a-way
(Fly!) This-a-way (fly!) that-a-way
If you getting mugged from everybody you see
Then hang over the wall of the VIP like
(Fly!) This-a-way (fly!) that-a-way
(Fly!) This-a-way (fly!) that-a-way

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Alright, alright
Now I was bouncing through the club
She love the way I diddy-bop
I see her boyfriend hatin' like a city cop
Now I ain't never been a chicken but my fifty cocked
Say I ain't never been a chicken but my semi cocked
Now where your bar at? I'm tryin' to rent it out
And we so 'bout it 'bout it, now what are you about?
DJ show me love, he say my name when the music stop
"Young Money, Lil Wayne" then the music drop
I make it snow, I make it flurry
I make it all back tomorrow, don't worry
Yeah, young Wayne on them hoes
A.K.A Mr. Make-It-Rain-On-Them-Hoes
Young Money

[Hook: T-Pain]
If you got money (yeah) and you know it (yeah)
Then take it out your pocket and show it then throw it like
(Fly!) This-a-way (fly!) that-a-way
(Fly!) This-a-way (fly!) that-a-way
If you getting mugged from everybody you see
Then hang over the wall of the VIP like
(Fly!) This-a-way (fly!) that-a-way
(Fly!) This-a-way (fly!) that-a-way

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
(Streets!) It go one for the money, two for the show
Now clap your hands if you got a bankroll (Chris)
Like some clap on lights in this bitch
I'mma be clappin' all night in this bitch
Lights off, mask on
Creep silent, she smiling
He muggin', who cares
'Cause my goons are right here
Like it's nothing to a big dog
And I'm a Great Dane, I wear eight chains
I'm in so much ice, they yell "Skate, Wayne!"
She wanna fuck Weezy, but she wanna rape Wayne
(And I'mma let her)

[Hook: T-Pain]
If you got money (yeah) and you know it (yeah)
Then take it out your pocket and show it then throw it like
(Fly!) This-a-way (fly!) that-a-way
(Fly!) This-a-way (fly!) that-a-way
If you getting mugged from everybody you see
Then hang over the wall of the VIP like

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Okay, it's young Wayne on them hoes
A.K.A Mr. Make-it-Rain-On-Them-Hoes
Like ayy! And everybody say
Mr. Rainman can we have a rainy day?
Bring an umbrella, please bring an umbrella
'Ella, 'ella, 'ella, ayy!
Bitch ain't shit but a ho and a trick
But you know it ain't trickin' if you got it
You know we ain't fuckin' if you not thick
And I'll cool your ass down if you think you're hot shit
So Rolex watch this, I do it, four, five, six
My click-clack goes the black four-fifth
And just like it I'll blow that shit
'Cause bitch I'm the bomb like tick, tick
Biatch!

[Hook: T-Pain]
If you got money (yeah) and you know it (yeah)
Then take it out your pocket and show it then throw it like
(Fly!) This-a-way (fly!) that-a-way
(Fly!) This-a-way (fly!) that-a-way
If you getting mugged from everybody you see
Then hang over the wall of the VIP like
(Fly!) This-a-way (fly!) that-a-way
(Fly!) This-a-way (fly!) that-a-way

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, it's young Wayne on them hoes
AKA Mr. Make-It-Rain-On-Them-Hoes
Yeah, young Wayne on them hoes
Make a stripper fall in love, T-Pain on them hoes
Uh-huh... Um, Young Mula, baby

***

TRACK: Comfortable

[Produced by Kanye West]

[Hook: Babyface]
I'm not saying this to shake you up (saying)
I'm just saying this to wake you up (saying)
It's all good when we're making love
All I ask is don't take our love
For granted, cause granted, my love for you is real
And if you don't love me, somebody else will
Baby girl don't you, ever, get too, comfortable
(Comfortable, comfortable, comfortable)

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, to the left, to the left
If you wanna leave, be my guest, you can step
Feeling irreplaceable, listening to Beyoncé
Well, okay, I put you out on your B'day
Hey, now you be rocking with Weezy
Bedroom in the bank, baby we safe
I got game like EA
But I wanna let you play
And don't I treat you like soufflé?
Don't I look at you like I see a new day?
And don't I do what I do say?
I'm through talking so I'ma let you 'Face
And let 'Ye do 'Ye

[Hook: Babyface]
I'm not saying this to shake you up (saying)
I'm just saying this to wake you up (saying)
It's all good when we're making love
All I ask is don't take our love
For granted, cause granted, my love for you is real
And if you don't love me, somebody else will
Baby girl don't you, ever, get too, comfortable
(Comfortable, comfortable, comfortable)

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, let me catch my breath
Talking 'bout leaving and you ain't gone yet
And if you leave, leave correct
And I'mma send a jet to pick up the next
And if you leave, you leaving the best
So you will have to settle for less
And I am no Elliott Ness
I don't handcuff, I don't arrest
I do confess to the murder scene
Cause under them sheets, I am a mess
Yes, baby you're blessed
Now just don't jump your nest, come on

[Hook: Babyface]
I'm not saying this to shake you up (saying)
I'm just saying this to wake you up (saying)
It's all good when we're making love
All I ask is don't take our love
For granted, cause granted, my love for you is real
And if you don't love me, somebody else will
Baby girl don't you, ever, get too, comfortable
(Comfortable, comfortable, comfortable)

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, it's no sweat, no sweat
I would never 1-2-3-4-get
About you, your love, your sex
You know I work you out like Bowflex
Ha-ha, I jokes no stress
Love, live life, proceed, progress
Make sure the neighbors get no rest
We can get together never disconnect
Yeah, your back, your neck
Funny how that song hasn't got old yet
To us, so let's project
You stay in, never incorrect
'Face!

[Hook: Babyface]
I'm not saying this to shake you up (saying)
I'm just saying this to wake you up (saying)
It's all good when we're making love
All I ask is don't take our love
For granted, cause granted, my love for you is real
And if you don't love me, somebody else will
Baby girl don't you, ever, get too, comfortable
(Comfortable, comfortable, comfortable)

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
Word to God, my momma gon' like this one, yeah
Yo, I think everybody gonna like this one, yeah, I got one
Thank you, Mr. West! Carter! Tre!
I'm out

***

TRACK: Dr. Carter

[Intro: Lil Wayne & Nurse]
Wheres my coffee?
Good morning Dr. Carter (Hey sweetie)
Looks like it's gonna be a long day
Ahh, another one huh? What we got
Your first patient (Yeah)
Is suffering from a lack of concepts (Uh-huh)
Originality (Ugghh)
His flow is weak (Another one)
And he has no style (Ughhh)
What you got for him? (Tssss, okay)

[Verse 1]
Let me put my gloves on, and my scrubs on
Dr. Carter to the rescue
Excuse me if I'm late, but like a thief it takes
Time to be this great, uhh, so just wait
Your style is a disgrace, your rhymes are fifth place
And I'm just grace, one, uno, ace
And I'm trying make your heart beat like bass
Hmm-mm, but you're sweet like cake
And I come to fix whatever you shall break
Where is your originality? You are so fake
So picture me like a gallery, capture what I say
All I need is one mic, all I need is one take
Like, hey! Brighter than a sun ray
Got a pistol on a playground, watch the gun-play
Like, no kidding, no kids in the way
But the kids do watch, gotta watch what we say
Gotta work everyday, gotta not be cliché
Gotta stand out like Andre 3K
Gotta kick it, kick it like a sensei
You gotta have faith, you gottta, gotta
Wait, wait, I think I, I think I lost him
(Flatline)

[Interlude: Lil Wayne & Nurse]
Good afternoon Dr. Carter (Nurse)
I don't know about this one
His confidence is down
Vocab and metaphors needs work
And he lacks respect for the game (Uhhhh, let me see)
You think you can save him?

[Verse 2]
Okay, respect is in the heart, so that's where I'mma start
And a lot of heart patients don't make it
But, hey kid, plural, I graduated
'Cause you can get through anything if Magic made it
And that was called recycling, r-e-reciting something
'Cause you just like it so you say it just like it
Some say it's biting but I say it's enlightening
Besides, Dr. Kanye West is one of the brightest
And Dr. Swizz can stitch your track up the tightest
And Dr. Jeezy can fix you back up the nicest
Arthritis in my hand from writing
But I'm a doctor, they don't understand my writing
So I stopped writing, now I'm like lightning
And you ain't Vince Young so don't clash with the Titan
Fast and exciting, my passion is frightening
Now let me put some more vocab in your IV
Here, take this Vicodin, like it and love it
And confidence has no budget
So pay me no mind, I don't walk it like I talk it 'cause I run it
I don't do it 'cause I done it, and I'm in the emergency un-it
God dunnit I've lost another one
(Flatline)

[Interlude: Lil Wayne & Nurse]
Good evening Dr. Carter, it's been a long day
But this one looks much better than the others
His respect is back up, concepts sound good
His style is showing strong signs of improvement
All he needs now is his swagger
Okay, let me take my gloves off then

[Verse 3]
Swagger tighter than a yeast infection
Fly, go hard, like geese, erection
Fashion patrol, police detection
Eyes stay tight like Chinese Connection
I stay tight like pussy at night
Baby, don't get me wrong, I could do that pussy right
But I'm too wrong to right, too fresh to fight
Too paid to freestyle, too paid to freestyle
Had to say it twice, swagger so nice
And don't ask me shit unless it concern a price
And I don't rap fast, I rap slow
'Cause I mean every letter in the words
In the sentence of my quotes
Swagger just flows sweeter than honey oats
That swagger, I got it, I wear it like a coat
Wait, as I put the light down his throat
I can only see flow, his blood starting to flow
His lungs starting to grow, this one's starting to show
Strong signs of life, where's the stitches? Here's the knife
Smack his face, his eyes open, I reply, "What a night"
"Welcome back, Hip Hop — I saved your life"

[Outro: Nurse]
He looks good, his vitals are up
He's looking good, he's looking good
I think we got one, Dr. Carter, I think we got one
Yep, yep, we got one, we saved him he's good
He's good, we got one, he's good
(Heartbeat)
He's good, we got him
We saved him, he's a go
He's good

***

TRACK: Phone Home

[Intro: Dre]
This is, this is, this is, this is
We are not the same, I am a Martian
We are not the same, I am a Martian
Greetings from Planet Weezy
We will begin transmission in 5, 4, 3, 2, 1

[Hook: Dre]
Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy
And if you feel like you're the best
Go 'head and do the Weezy-We, and
Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
We are not the same, I am a Martian
And I'm hotter than summer rain like Carl Thomas
Lock, load, ready to aim at any target
I could get your brains for a bargain like I bought it from Target
Hip hop is my supermarket
Shopping cart full of fake hip hop artists
I'm starving, sorry, I gotta eat all it
And I'll be back in the morning

[Hook: Dre]
Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy
And if you feel like you're the best
Go 'head and do the Weezy-We, and
Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
We are not the same, I am a alien
Like Gonzales, young college
Student, who done just flipped the game like Houston
I'm used to promethazine in two cups, I'm screwed up
And you ain't shit if you ain't never been screwed up
Flow so sick make you wanna throw your food up
Ice water chest, and my wrist like a cool cup
Two twin clippers, I give your ass a crew cut
I get bread like cold cuts, you know what?
Your girl go down fast, come up slow, but I never slow up
Weezy!

[Hook: Dre]
Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy
And if you feel like you're the best
Go 'head and do the Weezy-We, and
Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
They don't make 'em like me no more
Matter of fact, they never made it like me before
I'm rare, like Mr. Clean with hair
No brake lights on my car rear
I never had life and I never had fear
I rap like I done died and gone to heaven, I swear
And yeah, I'm a bear, like black and white hair, so I'm polar
And they can't get on my system 'cause my system is the solar
I am so far from the othars, I meant others
I just eat them for supper, get in my spaceship and hover, hover

[Hook: Dre]
Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy
And if you feel like you're the best
Go 'head and do the Weezy-We, and
Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy

***

TRACK: Tie My Hands

[Produced by Robin Thicke]

[Intro: Robin Thicke]
We are at war with the universe
The sky is falling and the only thing that can save us now
Is sensitivity and compassion
Da da da, da-da-da, da da da
Da da da, da-da-da, da da da, ooohh
But I know one thing's for sure
I'm gonna get my kicks before it all burns down

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, some say tragedy's hard to get over
But sometimes that tragedy means it's over
Soldier, from the academy league of rollers
I deny being down though they seem to hold us
My shoulders are strong, I prove 'em wrong
I ain't doing nothing but moving on, let the truth be known
But they talked that freedom at us
And didn't even leave a ladder, damn

[Verse 2: Robin Thicke]
I work at the corner store
We all got problems, problems
No one's gonna fly down low
No one's gonna save us now
How you feel you're not alone
We're all just jealous, jealous
We don't reach the sky no more
We just can't overcome, no

[Hook: Robin Thicke]
You tie my hands, what am I gonna be?
What have I done so bad? What is my destiny?
You tie my hands, what am I suppose to see?
What have I done so bad? What am I gonna be?

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
I, knock on the door, hope isn't home
Fate's not around, the luck's all gone
Don't ask me what's wrong, ask me what's right
And I'mma tell you what's life, and did you know
I lost everything, but I ain't the only the one
First came the hurricane, then the morning sun
Excuse me if I'm on one
And don't trip if I light one, I walk a tight one
They tryna tell me keep my eyes open
My whole city underwater, some people still floating
And they wonder why black people still voting
Cause your president still choking
Take away the football team, the basketball team
And all we got is me to represent New Orleans, shit
No governor, no help from the mayor
Just a steady beating heart and a wish and a prayer
Let's pray

[Verse 4: Robin Thicke]
These friends they come and go
But I got family, family
These kids so fast they grow
They learn so quickly now
That there's nowhere to go
That there's no future, future
Don't make this here so low
And we can't overcome, no

[Hook: Robin Thicke]
You tie my hands, what am I gonna be?
What have I done so bad? What is my destiny?
You tie my hands, what am I suppose to see?
What have I done so bad? What am I gonna be?

[Verse 5: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, and if you come from under that water then there's fresh air
Just breathe, baby, God's got a blessing to spare
Yes I know the process is so much stress
But it's the progress that feels the best
Cause I came from the projects straight to success
And you're next, so try they can't steal your pride, it's inside
Then find it and keep on grinding
Cause in every dark cloud, there's a silver lining, I know

[Interlude: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, yeah, yeah
See right now we just riding on love
A shot in the dark
We ain't tryin to do nothing but hit the heart
We need love
That's all y'all, that's all

[Hook: Robin Thicke]
You tie my hands, what am I gonna be?
What have I done so bad? What is my destiny?
You tie my hands, what am I suppose to see?
What have I done so bad? What am I gonna be?
You tie my hands, what am I gonna be?
What have I done so bad? What is my destiny?
You tie my hands, what am I suppose to see?
What have I done so bad? What am I gonna be?

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, born right here in the USA
But due to tragedy looked on by the whole world as a refugee
So accept my emotion
Do not take it as an offensive gesture
It's just the epitome of my soul and I must be me
We got spirit y'all, we got spirit
We got soul y'all, we got soul
They don't want us to see, but we already know

***

TRACK: Mrs. Officer

[Intro: Bobby Valentino & (Lil Wayne)]
Ayy
Ayy (yeah)
Hey (yeah)
Ayy, ayy, ayy
(Valentino) Woo woo woo! (yeah, yeah) yeah yeah yeah
(Yeah, yeah) Woo woo woo! (yeah) yeah yeah yeah
(Yeah) Woo woo woo! Yeah yeah yeah
(Yeah, yeah) Woo woo woo! (Bobby Valentino)

[Hook: Bobby Valentino & (Lil Wayne)]
When I get up all in ya (yeah)
We can hear the angels calling us (chyeah)
We can see the sunrise before us (yeah)
And when I'm in that thang, I'll make that body sang
(Deezle on the beat) I make it say
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (ay) wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (ay)
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (like a cop car)
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (ay)
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (haha)
I make ya say

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne & (Bobby Valentino)]
Yeah, doin' a buck in the latest drop
I got stopped by a lady cop, haha
She got me thinking I can date a cop, haha
Cause her uniform fit her so tight
She read me my rights
She put me in her car, she cut off her lights
She said I had the right, to remain silent
Now I got her hollering, sounding like a siren
Talking 'bout (wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee) yeah
(Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee) Yeah (wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee) yeah
And I know she the law, and she know I'm the boss
And she know I get high, a-bove the law
And she know I'm raw, she know I'm from the streets
And all she want me to do is fuck the police
Talking 'bout (wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee)
Yeah (wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee) yeah

[Hook: Bobby Valentino & (Lil Wayne)]
When I get up all in ya
We can hear the angels calling us (yeah)
We can see the sunrise before us (umm)
And when I'm in that thang, I'll make that body sang
I make it say: wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (like a cop car)
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (yeah)
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (hey) I'll make ya say

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne & (Bobby Valentino)]
Haha, and after we got done
I said "Lady, what's your number?" She said "911"
Hah, emergency only
Head doctor perform surgery on me
Yeah, and now I'm healed
I make her wear nothing but handcuffs and heels
And I beat it like a cop
Rodney King, baby, yeah I beat it like a cop
Hahah! Beat it like a cop
Rodney King baby said "Beat it like a cop"
But I ain't tryna be violent
But I'll do the time, but her love is timeless
Mrs. Officer
I know you wish your name was Mrs. Carter, huh?
(Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee) Yeah
(Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee) Like a cop car

[Hook: Bobby Valentino]
When I get up all in ya
We can hear the angels calling us
We can see the sunrise before us
And when I'm in that thang, I'll make that body sang
I make it say: wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, I'll make ya say

[Verse 3: Kidd Kidd & (Bobby Valentino)]
Mrs. Officer, Mrs. Officer
Tell your lieutenant get them cuffs off of ya
I'm Kidd Kidd, my face on every wanted poster
I'm wanted by every lady cop all over
That ass so big, I catch a battery to hold ya
Hands so big, you thought I told, "Pull it over"
She pulled me over, pulled me out the Rover
Then she pulled me closer, do me in the back of the car
Put me in handcuffs, start ripping my pants off
All you heard over the dispatcher is...
(Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee)
(Wee-ooh-wee-ooh wee)

[Hook: Bobby Valentino]
When I get up all in ya
We can hear the angels calling us
We can see the sunrise before us
And when I'm in that thang, I'll make that body sang
I make it say

[Bridge: Bobby Valentino]
Maybe you can lock me up and throw away the key
Call your sergeant and tell him you can't finish your shift
Cause it's on tonight
Breakfast in bed turns to breakfast and head
And I can't wait to get it on
I wanna do it all night long, Mrs. Officer

[Hook: Bobby Valentino]
When I get up all in ya
We can hear the angels calling us
We can see the sunrise before us
And when I'm in that thang, I'll make that body sang
I make it say: wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, I'll make ya say

***

TRACK: Let the Beat Build

[Produced by Deezle & Kanye West]

[Intro]
Yeah, I see you big bro
I'mma kill these niggas man, yeah

[Verse 1]
Straight off the block with it
Eagle Street to be specific
I'm peeping at you people different
I pay my dues, you keep the difference
I can see the end in the beginning
So I'm not racing, I'm just sprinting
'Cause I don't wanna finish
They diminish
I replenish
Scientific
I'm out this world, ho
I wear bright red, like a girl toe
No homo
Fingernails dirty
I've been counting dirty money since 12:30
A.M
Weigh them
If they short, take them
Right back and spray him
Amen
Yeah, I just do my Wayne
And every time I do it, I do my thang
Yeah, believe that, like a true story
Rims big, make the car look like it's two stories
If I hop out, that'd be suicide
No back seats, call that paralyze
I don't have a spine
I don't fantasize
I mastermind
Then go after mine
You see I handle mine
I dismantle mine
I tote a tool box, bitch it's hammer time
So excuse me as I nail 'em to something
I'm just repel 'em
I'mma kill 'em
Someone tell 'em
I'mma kill 'em
I'm gon' fill 'em up
His momma can't tell 'em
And the doctors can't heal 'em
I'mma kill 'em
And yeah we sell 'em
I know you smell 'em
And if you want it, you could just yell it
And it be in the morning, at your 'telly
Whole ki go for twenty
Half a ki go for eleven
After me there will be nothing
I Am Legend
And I Will Smith
Now that's how you let the beat build bitch

[Hook]
That's how you let the beat build, bitch
Now that's how you let the beat build, bitch
Let the beat build, bitch
And the beat goes
Boom B-Boom B-Boom
Boom B-Boom B-Boom, it goes
Boom B-Boom B-Boom, now say

[Verse 2]
Heh, c’mon
Just a snare and a 808
Weezy Baby on the mic, D.O.A
OK, I'd like to thank Kanye
And my nigga Deezle
From giving me this Diesel
Like an F-350
Tank never empty
Damn everybody in the bank act friendly
Used to think my shit didn't stink, boy was I wrong
Approving million dollar deals from my iPhone
I'mma take it one-two-way back
Like a silk wife beater and a wave cap
Or the wave pool
At Blue Bayou
And I waved, fool
As I blew by you
Hello, hi you
I can buy you
But I wouldn't try you
Feed you to Piru
I know what I'm doing
I show and prove
And show improvement
And I know just to go into it
Could never amount to going through it
Whatever, how you wanna do it
We can do it like we late
Ay, wait
Deezle, let me just get the 808
As I hit the kill switch
Now that's how you let the beat build, bitch

[Hook]
That's how you let the beat build, bitch
That's how you let the beat build, bitch
That's how you let the beat build, bitch
And the beat goes
Boom B-Boom B-Boom, it goes
Boom B-Boom Boom, the beat goes
Boom B-Boom Boom, now everybody say, yeah

[Bridge]
That I am the best rapper alive
I am the best rapper alive
And I will eat you alive
Think I'm lyin'?

[Verse 3]
Damn
I'mma get in a nigga chest like a bunch of phlegm
Like a fucking ram
On the hunt for the lamb
I'mma dump 'em, man
In a dumpster can
You ain't a soldier, ask Uncle Sam
Hair nappy like Pam
Nigga fuck your plan
Fuck your man
You ain't a pimp unless you get the same bitch
To fuck your man
And fuck your clan
And all my bitches know that's my plan
Oh god damn
There's my sam–ple
Play it like that's my band
Gotta get it cleared
Suck my dick with red lipstick and don't let it smear
And I got a lot of tattoos, and I meant every tear
And I'm still on that street shit
Back to the beat bitch

[Hook]
That's how you let the beat build, bitch
Now what's how you let the beat build, bitch
Let the beat build, they say
And the beat goes
Boom B-Boom B-Boom, it goes
Boom B-Boom Boom, the beat goes
Boom B-Boom Boom, now everybody say, yeah
And the beat goes
Boom B-Boom B-Boom, it goes
Boom B-Boom Boom, the beat goes
Boom B-Boom B-Boom, they say

***

TRACK: Shoot Me Down

[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Open up your hearts people
Page one, chapter one
Verse motherfucking one
Yeah, uh-huh
I'm drinking hot tea bitch, feel me

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, now if you let me, you won't regret me
Shit, if you let me, you won't forget me
Remember? And if you don't then ponder
Hold up, pow-pow, there's a reminder
I ain't kinda hot, I'm sauna
I sweat money, and the bank is my shower
Haha, and that pistol is my towel
Haha, so stop sweating me coward
And I would, die for ours
Ride for hours, supply the flowers
This is history in the making
Now shut the fuck up and let me make it

[Hook: D. Smith & (Lil Wayne)]
Please don't shoot me down, 'cause I'm flying
I'm flying, I'm higher
Please don't shoot me down
'Cause I'm flying, I'm higher
(I swear this tea is at a real good temperature right now
So am I, yeah, yeah)

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
I spit Alcatraz bars, I know
And D-boys is the only Alphabet Boys I know
Got a .380 on my waist and Rambo back home
No more bandana 'round my dome, bandana in my right pocket
Bitch I'm grown, fuck what you on
Now watch me stand on the world as I sit in a throne
And if I jump, I'mma fly and look into the eagle's eye
And see I am nothing like you, why?
Bitch, see, it gets me how nothing gets me or get to me
And if you shootin' for the stars then just shoot me
But your bullets don't reach Mars
Paws, claws, because, I'm a beast, I'm a dog
I'll getcha, my picture should be in the dictionary
Next to the definition of "Definition"
Because repetition is the father of learnin'
And son, I know your barrel burnin', but

[Hook: D. Smith]
Please don't shoot me down, 'cause I'm flying
I'm flying, I'm higher
Please don't shoot me down
'Cause I'm flying, I'm higher

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Hey, talk to my daddy
Papa, I did it to 'em! I'm a bastard!
And I'ma do it again, like nigga backwards
These niggas backwards, but they behind us
Now watch me get high like time's up
Nah D, bring the drums back
And watch me hit 'em where they lungs at, like that
I get respect 'cause if I don't I'mma take it
I see your boys hatin' and I see your girls naked
Drum, sound like a naked gun, switch clips with my thumb
Then I pop another clip in, and aim at his vision
'Cause Wayne is his vision, 'cause Wayne is the mission
I'm aiming at a mirror

[Hook: D. Smith & Lil Wayne]
Please don't shoot me down, 'cause I'm flying
I'm flying, I'm higher
And I've done it before
Please don't make me do it no more
Please don't shoot me down
'Cause I'm flying, I'm higher
Watch me soar
Where the fuck is my guitar? Now roar
Ohhhhhhhhhh
Please don't shoot me down, 'cause I'm flying
I'm flying, I'm higher

***

TRACK: Lollipop

[Produced by Jim Jonsin & Deezle]

[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Oww! Uh-huh
No homo, Young Mula, baby
I said, he's so sweet, make her wanna lick the wrapper
So I let her lick the rapper

[Pre-Hook: Static Major]
She, she, she licked me like a lollipop
She, she licked me like a lollipop
She, she, she licked me like a lollipop
She, she licked me like a lollipop

[Hook: Static Major]
Shawty want a thug
Bottles in the club
Shawty wanna hump
You know I love to touch ya lovely lady lumps
Shawty wanna thug
Bottles in the club
Shawty wanna hump
You know I love to touch ya lovely lady lumps

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Okay, lil mama had a swag like mine
She even wear her hair down her back like mine
I make her feel right when it's wrong like lyin'
Man, she ain't never had a love like mine
But man, I ain't never seen an ass like hers
That pussy in my mouth had me lost for words
So I told her back it up like, "burp, burp"
And made that ass jump like, "jerp, jerp"
And that's when she

[Pre-Hook: Static Major & Lil Wayne]
She, she, she lick me like a lollipop (oh yeah I like that)
She, she lick me like a lollipop (oh yeah I like that)
She, she, she lick me like a lollipop (I like that)
She, she lick me like a lollipop

[Hook: Static Major]
Shawty want a thug
Bottles in the club
Shawty wanna hump
You know I love to touch ya lovely lady lumps
Shawty wanna thug
Bottles in the club
Shawty wanna hump
You know I love to touch ya lovely lady lumps

[Verse 2: Static Major]
Now get up after you back it up, don't stop
Drop it, shawty, drop it like it's hot
Ooh, drop it like it's hot
Do it, shawty, don't stop

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Shawty say the nigga that she with ain't shit
Shawty say the nigga that she with ain't this
Shawty say the nigga that she with can't hit
But, shawty, I'ma hit it, hit it like I can't miss
And "he can't do this," and "he don't do that!"
Shawty need a refund, need to bring that nigga back
Just like a refund, I make her bring that ass back
And she bring that ass back, because I like that

[Hook: Static Major]
Shawty want a thug
Bottles in the club
Shawty wanna hump
You know I love to touch ya lovely lady lumps

[Pre-Hook: Lil Wayne & Static Major]
Shawty wanna lick, lick, lick, lick, lick me like a lollipop
Shawty wanna lick, lick, lick, lick, lick me like a lollipop
Shawty wanna lick me like a lollipop
So I let her lick the rapper like a lollipop

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
Shawty want a thug
Bottles in the club
Shawty wanna hump
You know I love to touch ya lovely lady lumps
Stat!

[Bridge: Static Major]
Call me, so I can make it juicy for ya
Call me, so I can get it juicy for ya
Call me, so I can make it juicy for ya
Call me, so I can get it juicy for ya
Call me, so I can make it juicy for ya
Call me, so I can get it juicy for ya
Call me, so I can make it juicy for ya
Call me, so I can get it juicy for ya

[Hook: Lil Wayne & Static Major]
Shawty want a thug
Bottles in the club
Shawty wanna hump
You know I love to touch ya lovely lady lumps
Shawty want a thug
Bottles in the club
Shawty wanna hump
You know I love to touch ya lovely lady lumps

[Verse 4: Lil Wayne]
I get her on top, she drop it like it's hot
And when I'm at the bottom, she Hillary Rodham
The middle of the bed, givin', gettin' head
Givin', gettin' head, givin', gettin' head
I said hmm, I like that
Said hmm, yeah, I like that
I said hmm, yeah, I like that, hmm
Call me, so I can come and do it for ya
Call me, so I can come and prove it for ya
Call me, so I can make it juicy for ya
Call me, so I can get it juicy for ya

[Outro: Lil Wayne & Static Major]
Shawty wanna lick, lick, lick, lick, lick me like a lollipop
She, she licked me like a lollipop
I said he's so sweet, make her wanna lick the wrapper
(What you do?) So I let her lick the rapper

***

TRACK: La La

[Intro]
David-David-David-David-David Banner

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Sittin' in a Caddy, Wright like Betty
Floatin' up the aisle like the bride and her Daddy
Hip-hop addict, hip-hop addict
Man I swear I'm on top like the attic
Yeah, bitch, I be with my dog like Shaggy
And we stay clean but we get dirty like Harry
Flyer than blue birds, cardinals and canaries
Fuck we, I'm all about "oui" like Paris
Hilton presidential suite already
I'm richer than Nicole and I'm a lion like her daddy
I am hotter than the Sun-day after Saturday
I swear I'm a savage like Lil Webbie and Randy
Oscar De La Hoya, box ya like a casket
Or Diego Coralles, nigga keep jabbin'
See, my style it varies, like drugs in an alley
My leather so soft, my paint prettier than Halle
Wittier than comedy, nigga write a parody
But I ain't tellin' jokes... apparently
A parent, yeah my daughter be the twinkle of my eye
You hurt her, you kill me, and nigga I ain't 'bout to die
See y'all are at ground, and my daughter is my sky
I swear I look in her face and I just want to break out and fly
Four tears in my face and you ain't never heard me cry
I'm richer than all y'all, I got a bank full of pride
Oww!

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
Started out hustlin' (Ended up ballin')
Nigga I'm the shit, get the fuck up out my toilet
Started with my girlfriend, ended with her homies
Started out hustlin' (Ended up ballin')
Started out hustlin' (Ended up ballin')
Started out hustlin' (Ended up ballin')
Nigga I'm the shit, get the fuck up out my toilet

[Verse 2: Brisco]
My paint Bubblicious, the motor so vicious
The rims the same color as the wrapper of a Kisses
Hershey's, I'm hyphy, somethin' like a piston
And when I'm in Detroit, I be ballin' like a Piston
Oh, and did I mention? I'm fly like a pigeon
Higher than gas prices, you Las Vegas trickin'
I'm nine under par in a Bentley golf cart
The Polo be cream but the Prada's caviar
Weezy, I'm sick from all this tourin'
He told me, "Sip this, and call me in the morning"
Yeah, and I vowed to never trust another woman
In my life, then I got horny

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
Started out hustlin' (Ended up ballin')
Nigga I'm the shit, get the fuck up out my toilet
Started with my girlfriend, ended with her homies
Started out hustlin' (Ended up ballin')
Started out hustlin' (Ended up ballin')
Started out hustlin' (Ended up ballin')
Nigga I'm the shit, get the fuck up out my toilet

[Verse 3: Busta Rhymes]
See I ain't goin' nowhere, bitch, you know a nigga been home, honey
Money fuckin' retarded, call it Down Syndrome money
My case sick, shit, they diagnose sickle cell bread
The revenue stream got a disease like a jail bed
Like a mattress from Sing-Sing or way down in Comstock
These bitches call me Bling King, I shit when the bomb drop
And sprinkle diamonds all over niggas, flawless and D-Class
Then twinkle like a shine, just like a sparkle from clean glass
They movin' on a nigga as I'm walkin' the valley, ready
And zoomin' with the cameras like I'm dickin' down Halle Berry
My money help me do things that you niggas can't believe
Like purchase persons, places all them things that you can't conceive
Like interactin' with women the caliber of Janet
I sit and master my vision and massacre the planet (Whoa!)
I hope you niggas know just what it is
While I'm countin' my paper, niggas know I'm handlin' my biz
(Okay)

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
Started out hustlin' (Ended up ballin')
Nigga I'm the shit, get the fuck up out my toilet
Started with my girlfriend, ended with her homies
Started out hustlin' (Ended up ballin')
Started out hustlin' (Ended up ballin')
Started out hustlin' (Ended up ballin')
Nigga I'm the shit, get the fuck up out my toilet

***

TRACK: Pussy Monster

[Intro]
David Banner on the beat, bitch
I got a, I got a, I got a, I got a sweet tooth
I got a sweet tooth, I got a sweet tooth, I got a sweet tooth
Now can I eat goo, now can I eat you? Mmm

[Verse 1]
I gotta taste for you, now what you wanna do?
Girl, you cold, let me suck out your flu
Girl, you cold, girl, you cool
You heard of Salt N' Pepa? Well girl, you food
Girl, you hot like a bowl of hot stew
And I just stood over ma stew and just blew
And when there's no more of you, in the soup
I remove ma spoon and drink your juice
If you want to do me, do what cha wanna do
If my job is to blow, you can bet she blue
Mic check 1, 2, how about 1, 2
P-L-A-Y because I don't have a clue
But when I find out, I'm a show and tell you
When I lift my top lip, I could still smell you
When I swallow ma spit, I could still taste you
Put that pussy in ma face every time I face you
It goes P-U-S-S-Y
Because it's the reason I am alive
Momma, I need it to stay alive
It's like I gotta eat it just to survive

[Hook]
Hi, I'm the
Pussy monster, the pussy monster
The pussy monster, the pussy monster
And you gotta feed me
Pussy, pussy pussy, pussy pussy
Pussy, pussy pussy, pussy pussy
I gotta, I gotta, I gotta, I gotta
I got a sweet tooth, I got a sweet tooth
I got a sweet tooth, I got a sweet tooth
Now can I eat you? Can I eat you?

[Verse 2]
Now let me get back to her
She call me Dracula, and I'll vacuum her
Catfish, dat fish, dat cat, tuna
I'll smack it up flip it like a spatula
Lil' Chris said 'Run It' and I tackled ya
Baby, can I be the worm in ya apple butt?
Now go back in her, and if you backin' up
I'll suck the front of dat pussy from da back of ya
I'm an urban legend like a black Acura
My taste buds set on a black actress
(Actress) I told her act-shun
(Action) Da camaras is lookin'
And I hope she make me eat ma word cause my words is
Pussy, pussy, pussy, pussy, pussy, pussy, pussy

[Hook]
Hi, I'm the
Pussy monster, the pussy monster
The pussy monster, the pussy monster
And you gotta feed me
Pussy, pussy pussy, pussy pussy
Pussy, pussy pussy, pussy pussy
I gotta, I gotta, I gotta, I gotta
I got a sweet tooth, I got a sweet tooth
I got a sweet tooth, I got a sweet tooth
Now can I eat you? Can I eat you?


[Verse 3]
I got pussy comin' to me, pussy comin' to me, pussy
Show me dat pussy and I'm a show you where to put it
You know I make it rain, I'm the hurricane, son
And you know I could make it rain, wat ma hurricane tang
Like lala, la, lala, la, lala, la, lala, la, lala, lala, lalala, la
Imagine if I did dat with your pearl on ma tongue, ha
I make dat pussy talk to me, I could make it jump
Ova her and walk to me
Now walk it out, girl, now walk it out, girl
P-U-S-S-Y
Because it's da reason I am alive
And I'm a need it to stay alive
It's like I gotta eat it just to survive, ha

[Hook]
Hi, I'm the
Pussy monster, the pussy monster
The pussy monster, the pussy monster
And you gotta feed me
Pussy, pussy pussy, pussy pussy
Pussy, pussy pussy, pussy pussy
I gotta, I gotta, I gotta, I gotta
I got a sweet tooth, I got a sweet tooth
I got a sweet tooth, I got a sweet tooth
Now can I eat you? Can I eat you?

***

TRACK: You Ain't Got Nuthin'

[Intro: Fabolous]
Yes, what it look like Alc'?
I'm tryin' to show the niggas man
It's that Street Fam man, we rep that, Loso
Street fi-di-di-di-damn

[Verse 1: Fabolous]
I'm with 101 niggas, we dalmatian doggy deep (yes)
And fly with the tongue, so if you feeling froggy, leap (c'mon)
Kermit, you better think before you ribbit
Don't get murdered over your song before you ad-lib it
I pop up like Xzibit, but given I'm at your crib, it's
Not to put no fucking fish tanks in your Civic
Fuck getting your ride pimped, you'll get hog-tied, wimp
Have you in the trunk curled up like fried shrimp
It's been a good year, maybe I should ride blimp
Cause your boy just stay above the game
They tryna tag him, spray a brother frame
But your shots can't reach me, I'm way above your aim
Go 'head, nigga, say another name
Take this family for a joke, play them Wayan brother games
And I'ma Git You Sucka, I be schemin' with this Keenan
Aimin with this Damon, I'm putting that Major Payne in
My Little Man is on ya, Marlon and Shawn ya
Lay the beef on his noodle, make some Luger lasagna
Forty Cal fettuccine, trey pound pasta
You reach for this medallion, you must like Italian, nigga
You only see me pushing if the driver's tired (yes!)
I work the S6 ever since the 5 retired
The drop-top, they say it's Ocean Drive-inspired
So you can call a cab once your bitch fall for Fab

[Hook: Lil' Wayne]
Uhh, I'm gettin' money like a muhfucka
Shades darker than a bitch but I can see
I got everything, you got nothing
But you ain't got nothing on me
Ohh, I'm gettin' money like a muhfucka
Yeah, money you ain't never see
Yeah, I got everything, you got nothing
But you ain't got nothing on me

[Verse 2: Juelz Santana]
I'm on the grind 'til the police come
With that pistol on my side, boy, don't be dumb
Or, I let that semi twirl you, now you can follow the drip
'Cause one shot outta the clip'll jheri curl ya (ooh)
Leave you sloppy like seconds, obey me like peasants
Or get opened up like presents, please
My young boys wildin' for respect
Slit your throat, have you smiling with your neck, say cheese
My dough's a bit longer, my flow is just slaughter (yep!)
My wrist look like frozen Poland Spring water
So tell me boys, tell me boys, who you think you messin' with
I get money out the ass, that's some expensive shit (ill!)
Haven't you all heard? (What?) Y'all all herbs (Yup!)
I stick toothpicks (Where?) in y'all hors d'oeuvres
(Listen) I'm a shark, y'all just koi fish
(What else?) Octopus (What else?) Oysters
Chump! I got my eye on your wifey now (yeah!)
I have her lick me up (up!) and then wipe me down (down!)
She told me you's a nag, you's a bug (damn!)
She told me I'm a blast, I'm a stud (damn!)
She told me you be beastin', you be checkin' for the burns
So I gave her knee pads for the rug (haha!)
It's Skull Gang from the chain to the lifestyle
You surfboard dudes get wiped out, totally

[Hook: Lil' Wayne]
Uhh, I get money like a muhfucka
Shades darker than a bitch but I can see
I got everything, you got nothing
But you ain't got nothing on me
Ohh, I'm gettin' money like a muhfucka
Yeah, money you ain't never see
Yeah, I got everything, you got nothing
But you ain't got nothing on me

[Verse 3: Lil' Wayne]
Get you, 3, 4-get you
Like the number after 1, I'mma get me 2
It's Weezy F.-U, now you gotta have a baby
My money don't folds nor bends, Mercedes
Maybach, grey-black
And I got a 44. and a 'K, like eight stacks
Fuck your city and your town, I state facts
Take that! No, better yet, like Diddy: "Take that"
Wait. rats, I hate rats, I clean 'em out like Ajax
Got paper like a fax machine, asaneen
Damn I mean asinine, I'm dapper don, and after mine
There will be nine, damn I mean, there will be none
I will be one, of the greatest things you've ever felt
You've ever seen, or heard, Car-ter, Har-vard, y'all scared
Not me, not I, call me Young Popeye
Tell Bluto I'm a nuno, I bring RAL to your funeral
Damn I mean funeral, funerol, you say tomato, I say tomahto
You say get 'em, I say got 'em, yeah I got 'em
Man, you better keep payin me cause you don't want my problems
I be wildin' like Capital One, what is in your wallet?
You fly, but what is it to pilot?
Weezy, I'm at the top, foot up in your bottom
Huh, damn I mean, foot up in your ass
I kick that shit now gon' put it in the trash (Deezle!)

[Hook/Outro: Lil' Wayne]
Uhh, I'm gettin' money like a muhfucka
Shades darker than a bitch but I can see
I got everything, you got nothing
But you ain't got nothing on me
Yeah, I'm gettin' money like a muhfucka
Yeah, money you'll never see
Yeah, uh, uh
And you ain't got nothing on me
Yeah, I'm gettin' money like a muhfucka
Shades darker than a bitch but I can see
I got everything, you got nothing
But you ain't got nothing on me
Yeah, I'm gettin' money like a muhfucka
Yeah, big money nigga
Big money nigga, big money nigga
Yeah, and you ain't got nothin' on me

***

TRACK: Dontgetit

[Intro: Nina Simone]
Baby, you understand me now
If sometimes you see that I'm mad
Don't you know no one alive can always be an angel?
When everything goes wrong you see some bad

[Hook: Nina Simone]
But I'm just a soul whose intentions are good
Oh Lord, please don't let me be misunderstood

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Uh, what’s understood ain’t gotta be explained
But you don't understand me, so let me explain
Stood in the heat, the flame
The snow, please, slow down, hurricane
The wind blow, my dreads swang
He had hair like wool, like Wayne
Huh, dropping ashes in the Bible
I shake 'em out and they fall on the rifle
Scary, Hail Mary, no tale-fairy
All real, very extraordinary
Perry Mason facin' the barrel if he tattle
My God is my judge; no gown, no gavel
A hound, a rebel, down to battle
Now or never or whenever
And the F for "Fucking fantastic", fuck if you agree
I'm bright, but I don't give a fuck if you see me

[Hook: Nina Simone]
But I'm just a soul whose intentions are good
Oh Lord, please don't let me be misunderstood

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
What's understood ain't gotta be explained
So for those who understand, meet Dwayne
For eight and a half months I gave Miss Cita pain
Now it's Young Money baby, keep the change
My momma say "Fuck em!", and we the same
So hello motherfucker, you got some sheets to change
And ain't it funny how people change like Easter Sunday
You know, church fit, then outfit
Bright pink and green chest look house-lit
Bright pinky rings, but that ain't about this
What you 'bout, bitch?
Excuse my French emotion and my passion
But I wear my heart on my sleeve like it's the new fashion
What are you askin'? If I don't have the answer
It's probably on the web, like I'm a damn tarantula
But I know you don't understand
Cause you thought Lil Wayne was Weezy but Weezy is Wayne

[Hook: Nina Simone]
But I'm just a soul whose intentions are good
Oh Lord, please don't let me be misunderstood

[Spoken: Lil Wayne]
I was watchin' TV the other day, right?
Got this white guy on there talking 'bout black guys
Talking about how young black guys are targeted
Targeted by who? America
You see, one in every one hundred Americans are locked up
One in every nine Black Americans are locked up
And see, what the white guy was trying to stress was that
The money that we spend on sending a motherfucker to jail
A young motherfucker to jail
Would be less to send his or her young ass to college

See, and another thing the white guy was stressing was that our jails are populated with drug dealers. You know, crack cocaine? Yeah, stuff like that. Meaning, due to the laws we have on crack cocaine and regular cocaine, the police are... only..., I don't want to say only right, but shit... Only logic, by riding around in the hood all day, and not in the suburbs, because crack cocaine is mostly found in the hood. And um, you know, the other thing is mostly found – You know where I'm going... But why bring a motherfucka to jail if it's not gonna stand up in court? Because this drug ain't that drug. You know; level three, level four drug, shit like that

Mhm... I guess it's all a misunderstanding. And um, I sit back and think, well shit, us young motherfuckers, you know, that one in every nine: We probably only selling the crack cocaine just because we in the hood and it's not like your suburbs. We don't have the things that you have. Why? I really don't want to know the answer. But, I guess we just misunderstood huh? Yeah

You know, we don't have room in the jail now for the real motherfuckers, the real criminals, you know: sex offenders, rapists, serial killers, shit like that. Oh, don't get scared, don't get scared, I know you saw one of them sex offender papers! Don't trip, he live right on the end of your block, mhm. Yeah, that nigga live right down the street from you. Sex offender, on the level 3 drug. Convicted, ex-con, yeah, check him out

And what you got, you got daughters, son, what you got? Yeah, well you know what? (coughing) Don't stop the track, that's the good weed

You know what, I have a fucking daughter You understand me? And, why the fuck would you bring my neighbor to jail just because the reason why he live next door to me ain't the reason why I live next door to him. Meanin', he didn't rap his way to my fuckin' neighborhood. He sold crack cocaine to get to my neighborhood. You move him out, bring him to jail for life, and then you move in a sex offender, hahaha. Then give me a paper, haha Is that a misunderstanding? 'Cause I don't understand it

Another thing; let me take my glasses off, 'cause I want to see the reaction on the faces when I say this. Uhh, Mr. Al Sharpton: here's why I don't respect you and nobody like you

Mhm, see, you're the type that gets off, on gettin' on other people, haha. That's not good, no homo, and rather un-human, I should say. I mean, given the fact that humanity, well, good humanity, rather, to me, is helping one another, no matter your color or race. But this guy, and people like him, they'd rather speculate before they informate, if that's a word, haha. You know, "'spec before check," anyway. Meanin', I'd much rather you talk to me first and see if you can learn an opinion before you make one. Just my thought of good humanity, Mr. Sharpton, haha

Hold on, I ain't finished wit' you man. Gotta pluck the ashes, mhmm, hold on, um

Mr. Sharpton, and anyone like you, you don't know me. So, if you're not gonna try to, then what you say or think about me, or whatever I do, is totally Casper the Friendly Ghost to me. And, it doesn't make you a good person to criticize before you improvise. Doesn't necessarily make you a bad person neither, but the characteristics fall heavily into bad's way, haha!

But, since I am human, I am good and bad as well. But I try my hardest to stay good. And some of the things I do and say may be bad, or just, not too good. But I do try. So with that said, I don't fault you. I mean, you're only human. Good or bad. but I also don't respect you, and I don't care if that's good or bad, haha

You see, you are no MLK, you are no Jesse Jackson. You are nobody, to me. You're just another Don King with a perm. Just a little more political. And that just means you're a little un-human than us humans. And now, let me be human, by saying fuck Al Sharpton, and anyone like him

Fuck if you understand me. I love being misunderstood. Haha, why? 'Cause I live in the suburbs, but I come from the hood. Bring the hook in!

[Hook: Nina Simone]
But I'm just a soul whose intentions are good
Oh Lord, please don't let me be misunderstood

---

WORK: Rebirth

***

TRACK: American Star

[Intro]
Woooo!!
Music up please
One, two, three...

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Born and raised in the USA
By way of New Orleans where the killers stay
Okay... uh, uh, alright, yeah
Born and raised in the USA
Where the government's watching what you do and say
Hey, hey, ha ha, alright
Well I'mma tell you this story 'bout a nigga with glory
Yeah I come from piss poor, and now I live in six story houses
Now how's this? Ha!
Listenin to my own voice in my black Rolls Royce
Get the girls of my choice to take off their shorts and blouses
I take off my trousers, yeah!
And you don't know nothing about this
I'm a dope boy with a guitar

[Hook: Shanell + (Lil Wayne)]
Hey daddy can you let me
Ride with the band in the back seat
Ridin with the dope boy (I'm, I'm a dope boy with a guitar)
Tell them if they're lookin for me
I'm on the road to the next city, ridin with the dope boy
Dope boy with a guitar...

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Born and raised in the USA
By way of New Orleans where the killers stay
But that's okay, yeah, that's alright, yes!
I'm loved and praised in the USA
My ancestors were slaves in the USA
But not today, it's alright
Yeah, come on!
Oh I'm a dope boy with a guitar

[Hook: Shanell + (Lil Wayne)]
Hey daddy can you let me
Ride with the band in the back seat
Ridin with the dope boy (I'm, I'm a dope boy with a guitar)
Tell them if they're lookin for me
I'm on the road to the next city, ridin with the dope boy

[Bridge]
Bridge!! Born and raised in the USA
Where my president is B-L-A-C-K
Where my president is B-L-A-C-K
Where my president is B-L-A-C-K
I was born and raised in the USA
And all I wanna do is play
So turn me up
Turn me up
So turn me up
Turn me up

***

TRACK: Prom Queen

[Produced by Infamous and Drew Correa]

[Verse 1]
I loved her fancy underwear, I sit behind her every year
Waiting for the chance to get to tell her I'm the one she should be with
She's popular wit all the guys, so innocent in my eyes
I can see her in my life, she woulda had the world if she were mine
But see she had other plans I couldn't understand
Her and her stupid friends, Varsity's biggest fans
Never forget the day she laughed and walked away
And I couldn't stop her
I guess she had it all

[Chorus]
She had it all figured out when she left me with a broken heart
Fucked around and turned me down cause she didn't think I could play the part
But now the prom queen, the prom queen
Is cryin', sittin' outside of my door
See you never know how
How everything can turn around

[Verse 2]
They loved her fancy underwear, every boyfriend, every year
She tried to keep them entertained when they can hardly remember her name
She did everything she could just to make them laugh and treat her good
She finds herself alone, askin' herself, where did she go wrong
She didn't realize she chased the type of guys
Who don't believe in ties, tryin' to apologize
Never forget the day she left and walked away
And I couldn't stop her
I guess she had it all

[Chorus]
She had it all figured out when she left me with a broken heart
Fucked around and turned me down cause she didn't think I could play the part
But now the prom queen, the prom queen
Is cryin', sittin' outside of my door
See you never know how
How everything can turn around

Yeah
Yeah
Oh
Uh
Uh

[Chorus]
She had it all figured out when she left me with a broken heart
Fucked around and turned me down cause she didn't think I could play the part
But now the prom queen, the prom queen
Is cryin', sittin' outside of my door
See you never know how
How everything can turn around

***

TRACK: Ground Zero

[Produced by Infamous and StreetRunner]

[Instrumental]

[Lil Wayne]
Back the hell off!
Rock and roll Jesus with all my nails on
All I need is a blunt and a bail bond
And give these blind motherfuckers somethin to feel on
Rollin like a motherfucker put your wheels on
And let's roll down the hill 'til the hill gone
I started on the block but that's somethin to build on
And how can I pray when I got nuttin to kneel on?

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
Hey! The ground is gone
Don't look now but the ground is gone
I'm so high that the ground is gone
And I don't even know which cloud I'm on
Don't look down but the ground is gone
Don't look down cause the ground is gone
Right now I'm a million miles from home
And I'm so high that the ground is gone

[Lil Wayne]
Huh, walk on air
Show me to the edge and I walk off there
We ain't high enough, au contraire
And sometimes life just don't compare
Sa-say my name, baby pull my hair
And I'mma fuck you like a bull, I swear
I got a lot of love that I could just share
I got a lot of drugs that I could just share!!
I-I-I know, I know, what'chu like girl
A nice little mirror and a little white girl
Way at the top of the mountain, bouncing
May I be everything but grounded
I don't ever wanna see the bottom, the bottom
I just wanna float, float like Muhammad
I don't ever wanna see the bottom, the bottom
I just wanna float...
{*echoes*}

[Interlude: Lil Wayne]
Jump jump jump out a window
Let's let's let's jump off a building baby
Let's jump jump out a window
Let's jump off a building baby
Jump jump out a window
Let's let's let's jump off a building baby
Let's jump jump out a window
Let's jump off a building baby

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
Hey! The ground is gone
Don't look now but the ground is gone
I'm so high that the ground is gone
And I don't even know which cloud I'm on
Don't look down but the ground is gone
Don't look down cause the ground is gone
Right now I'm a million miles from home
And I'm so high that the

[Lil Wayne]
Hey, I know a girl named Crystal, her last name Ball
I look into her eyes, and I can see it all
I see it when she cry, I'm there when she call
Cause I live inside of the mirror on the wall
Kill-kill 'em all, die in the spirit of the war
Thinkin what am I, be in spiritual fall
Huh, shit, cause ain't no love
Die while America drink yo' blood
It ain't no hurricane, it ain't no flood
It's some other shit that we ain't know of
Make that money yeah make that money
Then watch the government take that money
But we gon' raise hell motherfucker get well
Laws get passed and economies fail
Love, hate, emotion, compulsion
Addiction, diction, virgins, dickses
Minglin, mixin, swingin, switchin
Swaggin, sweet, freaks, faggots
Flames, fashion, planes, crashin
Ground, zero...

[Interlude: Lil Wayne]
Jump jump jump out a window
Let's let's let's jump off a building baby
Let's jump jump out a window
Let's jump off a building baby

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
Hey! The ground is gone
Don't look now but the ground is gone
I'm so high that the ground is gone
And I don't even know which cloud I'm on
Don't look down but the ground is gone
Don't look down cause the ground is gone
Right now I'm a million miles from home
And I'm so high that the ground is gone

[Outro]
Let's let's let's jump off a buildin' baby
Let's jump jump out a window
Let's jump off a buildin' babyyy
{*slows to a stop*}

***

TRACK: Da Da Da

[Verse 1]
Damn it (damn girl)
You know you got it going on
You can see by the way that she walking
You so fine that your body need a bodyguard
Well I could be your Bobby
Or your only tendaroni
Let me beam you up like Scotty
I got Whitney just enough for
Everybody in this party girlll

[Hook]
Da, da, da, da, da, da, da
Da, da, da, da, da, yeah
Da, da, da, da, da, da, da
Da, da, da, da, da

[Verse 2]
Yeah, I know you want me
Yeah, give me that monkey
Yeah, that funky monkey
Yeah, that funky monkey
Bass

[Hook]
Da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da
Da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da
Da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da
Da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da
You knowww, you knowww
You knowww, you knowww

[Verse 3]
Yo, I’m in like flint, Benjamin Franklin my twin
Yeah, if she can’t swim, I gotcha girl sinking in my Benz
Backstroke, backstroke, like Michael Phelps with my backstroke
Break her off till her back broke, I leave her numb like crack-coke
Then I get to the money, Monday through Sunday
Ain’t she sweet like Honey Dew honey
Menage A, watch Honey do Honey and then they do me and I’m glad they done it
Yeah, I’m wit D-R-E the nigga that make beats with the nigga C-O-O-L, Cool
We so motherfuckin’ cool-er than you (than you)

[Hook]
Da, da, da, da, da, da, da
Da, da, da, da, da, da, da
Da, da, da, da, da, da, da
Bass

[Verse 4]
Damn it (damn girl)
Hey, you know you got it going on
You can see by the way that she walking
You so fine that your body need a bodyguard
But I’m your Kevin Costner
And I will be the boss girlll
I’ll pull up a bike, cause shawty out of sight
And I just wanna watch herrrrr

[Hook]
Da, da, da, da, da, da, da
Da, da, da, da, da, yeah
Da, da, da, da, da, da, da
Da, da, da, da, da

***

TRACK: Paradice

[Verse 1]
Moolah babe
She was a young girl in pursuit of glory and fame
She would do anything she could to feel the flame
When everybody know your move and the things you pay
She finally made all her dreams come true and then she screamed

[Hook]
Oh no, this ain't paradise! Oh no, this ain't paradise!
Oh no, this ain't paradise! (Yeahhh)
Oh no, this ain't paradise! Oh no, this ain't paradise!
You know, this ain't paradise

[Verse 2]
He was a young boy in pursuit of money and fame
And he would do anything he could to kill the pain
When everybody know your moves, they speak of your name
And ohh, all over the late night local news I heard him scream

[Hook]
Oh no, this ain't paradise! Oh no, this ain't paradise!
Oh no, this ain't paradise! (Yeahhh)
Oh no, this ain't paradise! Oh no, this ain't paradise!
You know, this ain't paradise

[Bridge]
I say the sun don't shine forever (oh oh oh oh oh)
And everything that glitter ain't gold (ahhhhhhh)
I say love don't love forever (oh oh oh oh oh)
And everything that's new gets old (rahhhhh)

[Verse 3]
Sometimes we try to find the road to the riches
Need roadside assistance
Blisters on my knees, from beggin' for forgiveness
Ain't no dollars on my trees, but knowledge on my feet
Cause I been climbin' to the peak, and runnin' from the bullshit
I'm tired of playin' the same song, who told the DJ bring it back?
Dead Presidents, bullet in Abraham Lincoln hat
Starin' at big poster I swear that he be winkin' back
Cut school, sell crack, sorry I'm just thinkin' back
Call me crazy, I've been called worse
It's like I have it all, but what's it all worth?
Ha ha, I'm probably better in my afterlife
I should cherish life but this just ain't paradise

[Outro]
Oh no, this ain't paradise! Oh no, this ain't paradise!
Oh no, this ain't paradise! (Oh, ohh ohh ohh)
... this ain't paradise; no, this ain't paradise
This ain't paradiseeeeeeeee

***

TRACK: Get A Life

WOO!
[Verse 1]
I'm just tryin to get my own, I'm up early in the mo'nin
Gettin it by all means, gotta get this dough (ohhh)
Oh (ohhh) oh (ohhh) oh (ohhh)
But everytime I look over my shoulder
I see you and all your hatin hatin homies all up all up
In my zone (no) oh no (no) oh no (no) oh no (no)
And your haten haten hommies all up in my zone
[Talking]
Come on man, hey!
What the fuck you lookin' at me for?!
You wanna do somethin'?
Do something!

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
I say fuck you (fuck you)
Get a life (get a life)
Man I got too much shit on my head
To have to deal with all of you (youuu)
Of you (youuu) of you (youuu) of you (youuu)
I say, fuck you (fuck you)
Get a life (get a life)
Man I got too much shit on my head
To have to deal with all of you (youuu)
Of you (youuu) of you (youuu) of you (youuu)
I say fuck youuuuuuuuu...

[Verse 2]
Listen baby!
You've got it goin on
Your girlfriends say I ain't the one
They hate it when I call you up
I hear 'em in the backround on your phone (ohhh)
Oh no (ohhh) ah-oh (ohhh) oh (oh-oh-oh)
What you don't know about 'em baby
When you not around 'em baby
They be tryin to holla dey be
Hidin in the bushes of my home (ohhh)
Oh (ohhh) oh (ohhh) ah-oh (ewww)
Listen girl!
You tired of your motherfuckin friends
Hatin on your motherfuckin nigga everytime he call
They's a bunch of motherfuckin haters
Fuck them boo!

[Hook]
I say fuck you (fuck you)
Get a life (get a life)
Man I got too much shit on my head
To have to deal with all of you (youuu)
Of you (youuu) of you (youuu) of you (youuu)
I say, fuck you (fuck you)
Get a life (get a life)
Man I got too much shit on my head
To have to deal with all of you (youuu)
Of you (youuu) of you (youuu) of you (youuu)
I say fuck youuuuuuuuu...

[Bridge]
All I can say is get a life
Quit your motherfuckin hatin and get a life
Get money, get bitches and get a life
Get it goin, get it goin, go get a life
All I can say is get a life
Quit your motherfuckin hatin and get a life
Get money, get bitches and get a life
Get it goin, get it goin, go get a life

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
Oohhh, yeah
Oohhh, yeah
Oohhh, yeah

***

TRACK: On Fire

[Hook]
Mama bad, mama mean
Gasoline, she’s on fire
Put her out, as a matter of fact
Take her out, cause she’s on fire
Got on my knees and asked my Lord
To keep me clear from the Devil cause my girl
She, she’s on fire, yeah
But everything is so cool, yeah

[Verse 1]
Now gimme them back shots, I want them back shots
I said shorty let me play up in that matchbox
And she’s on fire, yeah
Sh-shorty let a nigga rub his dick against her matchbox
And she's on fire, she’s steamin'
She’s screamin', she, she’s creamin'
She’s fiendin', I redeem it
I get between it, like I mean it

[Bridge]
Now hit me
And now she's on fire
I left her steamin', yeah
But everything is so cool

[Verse 2]
Uhh, she hot as hell, let's call her Helen
Uhh, fireman to her rescue like 9-11
Uhh, fuckin' right I make her hot
She got the Devil in her, I do whatever with her
Hell's angel, I pluck her feathers nigga
I am the firespitter, I start a fire with her
Okay her flames high, but I am higher nigga
So I invite her up, and then I light her up, uhh

[Hook]
Mama bad, mama mean
Kerosene, she’s on fire
Put her out, as a matter of fact
Take her out, she’s on fire
Got on my knees and asked my Lord
To keep me clear from the Devil cause my girl
She's on fire, yeah
But everything is so cool, yeah

[Outro]
Now hit me, haha, woo!
She's on fire, yeah
I left her stingin'
Yeah, and now she's on fire
Haha (but it's cool)
Mama bad, mama mean
Gasoline, she’s on fire
Put her out, as a matter of fact
T-t-take her out, cause she’s on fire
She, she’s steamin'
She’s screamin', she creamin'
She’s fiendin', I redeem it
I get between it, like I mean it
Hehe, then I leave her stingin'
Now she's on fire, stingin'!
But everything is so cool

***

TRACK: Drop the World

[Produced by Chase N. Cashe & Hit-Boy]

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
I got ice in my veins, blood in my eyes
Hate in my heart, love in my mind
I seen nights full of pain, days are the same
You keep the sunshine, save me the rain
I search but never find, hurt but never cry
I work and forever try, but I'm cursed, so never mind
And it's worse, but better times seem further and beyond
The top gets higher the more that I climb
The spot gets smaller and I get bigger
Tryin' to get in where I fit in, no room for a nigga
But soon for a nigga it be on, motherfucker
‘Cause all this bullshit done made me strong, motherfucker

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
So I pick the world up
And I'ma drop it on your fuckin' head
Bitch, I'ma pick the world up
And I'ma drop it on your fuckin' head
And I could die now, rebirth, motherfucker
Hop up in my spaceship and leave Earth, motherfucker
I'm gone, motherfucker, I'm gone

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
I know what they don't wanna tell you
Just hope you're heaven-sent, and you're hell-proof
I walk up in the world and cut the lights off
And confidence is a stain they can't wipe off
My word is my pride
But wisdom is bleak, and that's a word from the wise
Served to survive, murdered and bribed
And when it got too heavy I put my burdens aside

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
So I can pick the world up
And I'ma drop it on your fuckin' head
Bitch, I'ma pick the world up
And I'ma drop it on your fuckin' head
And I could die now, rebirth, motherfucker
Hop up in my spaceship and leave Earth, motherfucker
I'm gone, motherfucker, I'm gone

[Bridge: Eminem]
It hurts, but I never show
This pain you'll never know
If only you could see just how lonely and how cold
And frostbit I've become
My back's against the wall
When push come to shove
I just stand up and scream: "Fuck 'em all!"

[Verse 3: Eminem]
Man, it feels like these walls are closin' in
This roof is cavin' in, up it's time to raise it, then
Your days are numbered like pages in
My book of rhymes; got 'em cookin', boy
This crooked mind of mines got 'em all shook
And scared to look in my eyes
I stole that fuckin' clock: I took the time
And I came up from behind and pretty much snuck up
And butt-fucked this game up
Better be careful when you bring my name up
Fuck this fame, that ain't what I came to claim
But the game ain't gonna be the same on the day that I leave it
But I swear, one way or another
I'ma make these fuckin' haters believe it
I swear to God, won't spare the rod
I'm a man of my words, so your fuckin' heads better nod
Or I'ma fuck around in this bitch and roast everybody
Sleep on me, that pillow is where your head'll lie
Permanently, bitch, it's beddy-bye
This world is my Easter egg, yeah, prepare to die!
My head is swole
My confidence is up, this stage is my pedestal
I'm unstoppable, Incredible Hulk
You're trapped in my medicine ball
I could run circles around you so fast your fuckin' head'll spin, dog
I'll split your cabbage and your lettuce and olives, I'll fuckin'—

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
Pick the world up and I'ma drop it on your fuckin' head
Bitch, I'ma pick the world up
And I'ma drop it on your fuckin' head
And I could die now, rebirth, motherfucker
Hop up in my spaceship and leave Earth, motherfucker
I'm gone, motherfucker, I'm gone

***

TRACK: Runnin

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
The loser, microphone abuser
Feet hurtin', I just walked from Jerusalem
So you should get on the side with the movement
I'm the proof and I'll die just to prove it
Whatcha wanna know? Anything whatever
I can't tell ya, I can show ya better
Me-me and my gun, we took an oath together
Said I will never die, if we both together
Yeah, this is my testification
I'm Wayne on their hands like precipitation
And in hell you, you need justification
But, but for me it was just a vacation
Heheh, yeah

[Hook: Shanell]
Somebody tell me when's it gonna end?
Where's it gonna end up?
Runnin', runnin', runnin', runnin'
Runnin' run it all
When's it gonna end?
Where's it gonna end up?
Runnin', runnin', runnin'
Run it all!

[Verse 2: Shanell]
I lost all my money
I lost half my mind
Can't find my direction
Where's the finish line?
Could I be far away from it all?
How far it gone
If I can stay for it all
Then I shouldn't fall

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne & Shanell]
Uhh, but if I fall, I fall up and let the clouds hug me
And if I fall down, I bet I hit the ground runnin'
Bet you search and found nothin', looking for the finish line
Stop short cuttin', you fuckin' up your finish time
Shit, but every twice in a while
It feels like I'm runnin', and life is the miles
Yeah, but until the lights dimmin down
I'll be runnin' around, runnin', runnin'
Ohh, ohh-whoa, will you tell me?

[Hook: Shanell]
Somebody tell me when's it gonna end?
Where's it gonna end up?
Runnin', runnin', runnin', runnin'
Runnin' run it all
When's it gonna end?
Where's it gonna end up?
Runnin', runnin', runnin'
Run it all!

[Verse 4: Shanell & Lil Wayne]
Counting all my pennies but it doesn't add up
At the mercy but somehow it ain't enough
Reading all the red lights trying not to give up
But I don't know how long it's gonna last, ohh
It's almost over now
I say it's almost over now
The end is gettin closer now
Better do what you suppose to cause the world is all so short now

[Hook: Shanell]
Somebody tell me when's it gonna end?
Where's it gonna end up?
Runnin', runnin', runnin', runnin'
Runnin' run it all
When's it gonna end?
Where's it gonna end up?
Runnin', runnin', runnin'
Run it all!

[Outro: Shanell & Lil Wayne]
When's it gonna end?
Where's it gonna end?
Runnin, run it all!
Yeah! I'm runnin outta time, I'm runnin out of space
Feel like I'm runnin round, but I'm runnin in place
We all in the race, I'm just another sprinter
If there's no finish line, then who's the real winner?

***

TRACK: One Way Trip

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Beat the beat up 'til the beat get punchdrunk
Drown in my flow motherfucker bring your swimmin' trunks
Everybody say they just do it, well I just don't
Times do change motherfucker but the gun don't
Woke up this morning with my dick to the ceilin'
Fell asleep with another chick from my buildin'
Kick her ass out and have breakfast like a muh'fucker
I'm with another bitch by supper
Yeah, me and hate that's an odd couple
Hehe, you niggas fake you wouldn't pop bubbles
You can act stupid, bitch, I'm dumber
And T. Barker is my motherfuckin drummer
Let's go!

[Refrain: Kevin Rudolf]
I'm fallin' down a landslide
On a one-way trip to you
You want me to take you for a ride
Well let's see what you can do
And it feels like uhh uh-uh uh-uh
And I know just what to do
Because I'm fallin down a landslide
On a one-way trip to you

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
I been doin' this shit
And you know what they say about the shoe if it fit! Haha
Have a ball 'til I fall though
And if I die today I bet the world end tomorrow
It's fucked up how you ain't never me
And I got blind money, money you will never see
And only in the mirror's where you'll find a better me
I make money and my fingers make the letter B
I'm very sick, very sicker than you
And when I play sick, I'm Jordan with the flu, yeah!
Then I become a motherfucker
And my nigga Travis Barker is my drummer
Motherfucker, let's go!

[Refrain: Kevin Rudolf]
I'm fallin' down a landslide
On a one-way trip to you
You want me to take you for a ride
Well let's see what you can do
And it feels like uhh uh-uh uh-uh
And I know just what to do
Because I'm fallin down a landslide
On a one-way trip to you

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
I get better with time and time is forever
So just sit back and watch my time get better
So check your watch, I'm strong as Scotch
Papa was a rollin' stone, I was born to rock
Tell it like it is, shit I don't know when it isn't
To be or not to be; shit, I don't know my decision
I don't know how I made it for this long in this condition
Cause my flow so sick I shoulda died in the first verse
Mr. Dr. Carter with my hand up a nurse skirt
Suck me like soup and I'ma eat you like surf n' turf
Hah! Just let me know when you comin
And my motherfuckin nigga T. Barker keep drummin
Let's go!

[Refrain: Kevin Rudolf]
I'm fallin' down a landslide
On a one-way trip to you
You want me to take you for a ride
Well let's see what you can do
And it feels like uhh uh-uh uh-uh
And I know just what to do
Because I'm fallin down a landslide
On a one-way trip to you

[Outro: Kevin Rudolf]
On a one way trip to you
On a one way trip to you

***

TRACK: Knockout

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Hey, Barbie, are-are-are are you into black men?
Hey-hey-hey, hey, Barbie!
Hey, I could be your black Ken (Wow!)
Cause once you go black, you never go back
She wear her hair black, with curls in the back
Then she threw that ass back back back
Then I fell to the mat
And after that, everything went black

[Hook: Nicki Minaj]
Baby, one-two-three, tell 'em get the referee
Cause he can (he can) get the knockout (get the knockout)
Get the telephone please, it's an emergency
Cause he can (he can) get the knockout (get the knockout)

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Hey, Barbie, can I call you Barbara
Hey,Barbie, yeah can I call you tomorrow and today
Cause once you go black, you never go back
And when she go to Wayne, everybody else is whack
The she threw that ass back back back, then I fell to the mat
And after that, everything went black

[Hook: Nicki Minaj]
Baby, one-two-three, tell 'em get the referee
Cause he can (he can) get the knockout (get the knockout)
Get the telephone please, it's an emergency
Cause he can (he can) get the knockout (get the knockout)

[Verse 3: Nicki Minaj]
Awww, fuck it! Give me that damn bucket
When when I throw this pussy you better not start duckin'
Oh, yo, hit-hit 'em with the blow
Look-look out in the crowd and everybody's yellin' no
Grab him by his locks and give us a good box
Then hit him below the belt I wanna give him good top
Top-top, give him good top
Hit him below the belt I want to give him good top
One-two-three they yellin' one-two-three
I done hit 'em with that motherfuckin' crunk two-piece
Tell 'em, tell 'em to mop out, too late to copout
Give 'em more head than toupees, that's the knockout

[Hook: Nicki Minaj]
Baby, one-two-three, tell 'em get the referee
Cause he can (he can) get the knockout (get the knockout)
Get the telephone please, it's an emergency
Cause he can (he can) get the knockout (get the knockout)

[Breakdown/Outro: Lil Wayne]
So just knock me out
So just knock me out
Damn, just knock me out
So just knock me out, just knock me out
Just knock me out
Just knock me out
Just knock me out

***

TRACK: The Price Is Wrong

[Produced by Infamous]

[Intro/Hook: Lil Wayne]
She stole my heart, she ran away
Now I'm heartless, so fuck her anyway
We got along, she got away
The price is wrong, but she gotta pay

[Lil Wayne]
We used to be the coolest couple back in high school
High school, my school, yeah yeah yeah yeah yah yah
Now she going out with some nigga name Michael
Okay rifle, yeah yeah yeah yeah yah yah
We used to be the nastiest couple on the school yard
Back yard, your yard, yeah yeah yeah yeah yah yah
But now you just a nasty motherfucker baby who are
You are, you are, yeah yeah yeah yeah yah yah

[Bridge]
And everybody know that the tables turned (YEAH)
And what you gonna do when the tables burned (YEAH)
And now you all up in my face
Pleadin your case, and I'm like
Okay, okay, okay okay okay
Okay, okay, okay okay okay okay
Okay, okay, okay okay okay okay
Okay okay okay okay okay okay ok-kay-kay-kay-kay-KAY!!

[Hook]

[Lil Wayne]
She used to be the cutest ever up in my class
This class, that class, yeah yeah yeah yeah yah yah
But now she kissin any motherfucker with a hall pass
So she skippin y'all class, yeah yeah yeah yeah yah yah
I used to be the baddest motherfucker in the lunchroom
Classroom, her room, yeah yeah yeah yeah yah yahhhhh
But now I graduated from youuuuuuuu
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah YAH YAH!!

[Bridge]

[Interlude: Lil Wayne]
But she gotta pay...
So fuck her anyway...

[Hook] - repeat 2.5X w/ minor variations

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
Fuck her anyway
I fuck her anyway
Fuck her anyway {*9X*}
But she gotta pay!

---

WORK: I Am Not a Human Being

***

TRACK: Gonorrhea

[Intro]
Sound like my mic is right

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
I am not a human
Shout to all my moon men
Yeah they call me Tune, got them bitches tuned in
It's a crazy world, so I stay in mine
And niggas don’t cross the line
Niggas stay in line
Like welfare
I'm Saint Elsewhere
Hotter than a Devil? Nigga, hell yeah
Rock-a-bye baby
Homicide baby
That's more tear drops, call me cry baby
What you talking 'bout? Tell it to my 9
Cut your tongue out, mail it to your moms
I’m a young God
Swagger unflawed
Bitch, I'm in the building, you in the front yard
Life's a bitch, naw, better yet a dumb broad
And I bet I can fuck the world and make it cum hard
Yeah, you boys is washed up
And I’m shitting on 'em like two girls and one cup, yuck
Weezy Baby AKA Bring The Money Home
Pull out a AK and pop you in your funny bone
Laugh now, die later motherfucker
You's a bitch like Zeta Phi Beta motherfucker

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, I call it how I see ya
I wish I never met ya, I wouldn’t wanna be ya
Pussy ass nigga, I don’t want your gonorrhea
Pussy ass nigga, I don’t want your gonorrhea
Yeah, I call it how I see ya
I wish I never met ya, I wouldn’t wanna be ya
Pussy ass nigga, I don’t want your gonorrhea
Pussy ass nigga, I don’t want your gonorrhea

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Man I’m so tired of balling, I sleep a lot now
I’ll let my goons rush ya, like Moscow
Gun at your eyebrow: Pow-Pow
Man I ball hard, even with five fouls
Yeah, we in this bitch, like tampons
Dump you in the woods, now get your camp on
Choke-hold around this shit 'cause I’m so hands-on
I get high as fuck and Polo sheets is what I lands on
Back against the wall, and my two feet is what I stand on
Diva in the room, she blowing me just like a band horn
Got her on her knees, the same knees that she be praying on
Now she just text her girlfriend with a capital "You can join"
Yeah, what y’all wanna do? I’m all ears
Smoking on that headband, call that shit that Paul Pierce
I’m just so ahead of my time like dog years
Bal' like Solange, India Arie, Britney Spears

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, I call it how I see ya
I wish I never met ya, I wouldn’t wanna be ya
Pussy ass nigga, I don’t want your gonorrhea
Pussy ass nigga, I don’t want your gonorrhea
Yeah, I call it how I see ya
I wish I never met ya, I wouldn’t wanna be ya
Pussy ass nigga, I don’t want your gonorrhea
Pussy ass nigga, I don’t want your gonorrhea

[Verse 3: Drake]
I am spending much more than I’m making
On these cars and these vacations, is that too much information?
I just bought a Lamborghini, I'm not even into racing
With a windshield full of tickets cause I live right by the station
I am tryna figure out why you so mad at me
Yes, I’m with Young Money, tell the magazine stop asking me
I be with the dread with the tattoos on his head
And a flag the color red like a fucking low battery
(Okay) Nigga peep the shit I’m wyling on
I be with your baby mama, you be with your child at home
Big Mo, Big Red, two cups made of styrofoam
Big cheese big bread call that shit a calzone
(Okay) I will break your fucking collar bone
Us against the world, better pick which fucking side you on
Wayne got a Bugatti that he steady putting mileage on
And we about to kill 'em, C4, Mr. Carter's home

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, I call it how I see ya
I wish I never met ya, I wouldn’t wanna be ya
We some asshole niggas, call us diarrhea
The money keep growing, yep, it's growing like a Chia
Yeah, I call it how I see it
Y’all some pussy ass niggas: we should call ya gonorrhea
You keep talking that shit, I’ma see ya
Kill your senorita and and your fucking Mama Mia

***

TRACK: Hold Up

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Leggo, Ok
Bitch I’m me, American Gangster
Weezy F. Baby, born in a manger
Trouble is my friend, I ain’t foreign to danger
Clip full of wings, turn you boys into angels
Shoot you in your halo, shoot you like Halo
New Orleans a-hole; frio, fuego
All about my bread like bagels, they know
I’m raw like Quaaludes
Bal' like gay hoes
Weed so strong it’s like I twist tornadoes
Spit like nines, four-fifths, and three-eight-0s
Niggas want problems, well I am problematic
It’s back to picking cotton, cause you niggas cotton candy
I’m a Eastside Damu
Deep water Shamu
Shoot you from your head to your shoulders, shampoo
Kush in the bamboo
Pussy in the bedroom
Pass that bitch down like an heirloom
Tunechi

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
Hold up, hold up
Wait a minute
Hold up, hold up
Man, we hustle 'til night fall
Party 'til sunlight
Guns in the boxers
Don’t make this a gun fight
Fuck them other niggas
I fuck them niggas bitches
Benadryl shit
Trigger finger itching
And we hustle 'til night fall
Party 'til sunlight
Guns in the boxers
Don’t make this a gun fight
Fuck them other niggas
I fuck them niggas bitches
Benadryl shit
Trigger finger itching
Hold up
Hold up
Wait a minute
Hold up
Hold up

[Verse 2: T-Streets]
Maan, bitch I’m Streets, I rep that East
Gimme the beef, I’ll put the beef in the grease
Kush in the sweets, your bitch in the sheets
I fucked that bitch: mission complete
Real nigga talk, gangsta conversation
I’m a real nigga, don’t fuck with imitations
Young Money nigga, ain’t no limitations
I don’t play games, niggas simulation
Which one of y’all niggas say you bout it
It’s a fucked up world T-Streets take you out it
That’s word to the Glock
Glock in the sock
Loose lips sink ships, better stop at the dock
Hol' up

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Married to the money, you welcome to the reception
And she came with problems; fuck it, that’s my stepsons
Sleeping in the Maybach, wake me when the jet come
And I keep the toast, turn your ass to bread crumbs, uh
Based on a true story
I got a million flows, they ain’t even two stories
Sleeping on the edge, I hope I don’t toss and turn
Shoot down the early bird, and that’s how I get the worm
Yeah, Real Nigga University Alumni
Just checked my watch, and that bitch said sometimes
She say when I’m in her, it feel like I’m soul-searching
And they say money talks, well it’s my spokesperson, uh
Grab a star from the sunroof
I fuck her in her dreams, and make her come true
Yeah, Young Money and the power
Send my B's at you, like a motherfucking flower
Hold Up

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
Hold up
Hold up
Wait a minute
Hold up
Hold up
Man, we hustle 'til night fall
Party 'til sunlight
Guns in the boxers
Don’t make this a gun fight
Fuck them other niggas
I fuck them niggas bitches
Benadryl shit
Trigger finger itching
And we hustle 'til night fall
Party 'til sunlight
Guns in the boxers
Don’t make this a gun fight
Fuck them other niggas
I fuck them niggas bitches
Benadryl shit
Trigger finger itching
Hold up
Hold up
Wait a minute
Hold up
Hold up

***

TRACK: With You

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Shawty badder than a three-year-old
Keep playing and I'mma eat her like a pita roll
I'm just saying, with my love I could feed her soul
Two-day getaway and we don't need our clothes
We at the pool and she looking like a center fold
Two tattoos but she say she getting plenty mo
She got Indian in her family, Seminole
Me and shawty go together like chemicals
And she get mad when I call other women hoes
You send her rose, I pick some flowers and send her those
Tall glass of Merlot get her in the mode
Two tall glasses of Merlot get her out her robe
I whisper in her ear then lick round her lobe
And when she check her watch, it’s never time to go
And with her brain she should make the honor roll
And when I came she caught me like a common cold

[Pre-Hook: Lil Wayne]
Damn you the shit
And I’ll rip my heart out and hand you the shit
And I dont really know how to handle this shit
But tonight its moonlight and candles and shit

[Hook: Drake]
With you baby
With you baby
With you baby
With you baby
With you and only you

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
I say damn I must be left
Cause you the best I ever seen, right
Shawty put me on, you got me going like some green lights
See you with your girls, they probably telling you that he ain't right
Bet they be the same bitches at the wedding throwing rice
Let's get together over night
Shawty I'm a pro and you are looking like the prototype
Ms. Cita, I took your advice
Sometimes you got to blow it twice then shake it up and roll the dice
I'm cruising on the road of life but I need a passenger
Appetite for loving, ma I'm hungry like a scavenger
I be on that lavender
I be in the bath with her
Then I gotta go under that water like a mariner

[Pre-Hook: Lil Wayne]
Damn you the shit
And I’ll rip my heart out and hand you the shit
And I dont really know how to handle this shit
But tonight its moonlight and candles and shit

[Hook: Drake]
With you baby
With you baby
With you baby
With you baby
With you and only you

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Now she don't know about me but I'mma put her on it
And she ain't sure about me but can't go without me
We probably ain't supposed to be together
But I wonder if our love affair could last forever
And shawty I'm with you
Smoke a lot of weed but I could never forget you
Then I told her to her face
If everyone was like you, the world would be a better place

[Pre-Hook: Lil Wayne]
Damn you the shit
And I’ll rip my heart out and hand you the shit
And I dont really know how to handle this shit
But tonight its moonlight and candles and shit

[Hook: Drake]
With you baby
With you baby
With you baby
With you baby
With you and only you

[Bridge: Drake]
Damn you the shit
And I’ll rip my heart out and hand you the shit
And I dont really know how to handle this shit
But tonight

[Hook: Drake]
With you baby
With you baby
With you baby
With you baby
With you and only you

***

TRACK: I Am Not a Human Being

[Intro]
I-I-I, am-am not a human being!

[Verse 1]
Uhh, pussy for lunch
Pop all the balloons and spit in the punch, haha
Yeah, kush in the blunts
I ride through your block, see a foot in the trunk
I don't know why they keep playing, they better re-plan
I'm giving 'em the blues, Bobby Blue Bland
Together we stand, and fall on y'all
Balling with my Bloods, call it B-ball
These dames ain't shit, Young Money is
I got Mars bars, 3 Musketeers
Come through, coupe same color as veneers
And you know I'm riding with the toast, cheers
Yeah, now I'm back on my grizz
And y'all's a bunch a squares like a mothafuckin' grid
Shit, fuck with me and get hid
I finger-fuck the Nina, make that bitch have kids
Just do it? My nigga, I just did
Ain't a motherfucker deeper than me, bitch, dig
You dig? This here, this big biz
And I scream, "Fuck it!" Whoever it is

[Hook]
I am the rhyming oasis
I got a cup of your time, I won't waste it
I got my foot on the line, I'm not racing
I thank God that I am not basic
Oww! I-I am not basic
I-I-I, am-am not a human being!

[Verse 2]
Uhh, rockstar baby
Now come to my suite and get lockjaw baby
Rich nigga looking at the cops all crazy
That's that mob shit, nigga, Martin Scorsese
Heater close range, cause people are strange
But I bet that AK-47 keep you ordained
You can't see Weezy nor Wayne, I'm in the far lane
I'm running this shit, hundred yard gain
Uhh, swag on infinity
I'm killing 'em, see the white flag from the enemy
Shoot you in your head and leave your dash full of memories
Father forgive me for my brash delivery
I-I-I would try you, I wouldn't lie dude
I must be sticky cause them bitches got their eyes glued
Young Money, baby, we the shit, like fly food
Y'all can't see us, like the bride's shoes
I stand tall like I'm motherfucking 9'2"
I scream "Motherfuck you and whoever designed you!"
And if you think you hot then obviously you were lied to
And we don't die, we multiply, and then we come divide you

[Hook]
I am the rhyming oasis
I got a cup of your time, I won't waste it
I got my foot on the line, I'm not racing
I thank God that I am not basic
I am not basic
I-I am not basic
I thank God that I am not basic
I-I-I, am-am not a human being!

[Verse 3]
Re-re-re-re-reporting from another world
Magazine full of bullets, you can be my cover girl
Bless got the weed rolling thicker than a Southern girl
Strong-arm rap like a nigga did a hundred curls
Rockstar biatch, check out how we rock
And if this ain't hip-hop, it must be knee-hop
I'm higher than a tree top, she lick my lollipop
I still get my candy from your girlfriend's sweet shop
Spitting that heat rock, I'm smooth, not Pete Rock
And my, and my money on et cetera, three dots
Still get a stomach ache every time I see cops
You better run motherfucker, cause we not
You better run 'til your feet stop
You ain't even a fucking alphabet in my teapot
Colder than a ski shop, holding on to the top
And even if I let go, I still won't d-rop

[Hook]
I am the rhyming oasis
I got a cup of your time, I won't waste it
I got my foot on the line, I'm not racing
I thank God that I am not basic
I-I-I-I, I, I am not
I-I-I, am-am not a human being

***

TRACK: I'm Single

[Verse 1]
Camo shorts and Bubba Kush
We can talk she'd rather fuss
This and that 'bout such and such
Damn, where is the fucking trust
I'm tired of the hoop and hollering
I'm 'bout to take the coupe to Collins
Then take a female to the Island
Then take her clothes off and do the honors
Yeah, now she hear I'm with them other bitches
Yeah, I told her mind her fucking business
Shit she probably out here fucking niggas
I'm fucking her friends
Now her friends ain't even fucking with her
Damn, she text me all day and night
So pissed off she ain't even spelling shit right
I text her back, and tell her it's life
Now somebody tell them hoes, I'm single for the night

[Hook]
Yeah, I'm single
Nigga had to cancel that bitch like Nino
I ain't tripping on nothing, I'm sipping on something
And my homeboy say he got a bad bitch for me
And I'm single, yeah, I'm single
And I'm single, tonight I'm single
And I ain't tripping on nothing, I'm sipping on something
And my homeboy say he got a bad bitch for me tonight

[Verse 2]
Dreads braided to the back
I'm chilling but my swag on full attack
And my girl acting like a brat
So when she call, I don't answer, I just write her back
She hate it when I do that shit
And when I get home she go through my shit
She call numbers back to see who that is
Man I hate it when she do that shit
Polo t-shirt, Polo drawers
Now make me take this Polo off
Girl you can get broken off
Yeah, I fuck you for an hour then I smoke it off
Swimming trunks and bathing suits
Then go in the bedroom and tell the naked truth
Don't wanna fuss, ain't tryna fight
Man somebody tell them hoes I'm single for the night

[Hook]
Yeah, I'm single
Nigga had to cancel that bitch like Nino
I ain't tripping on nothing, I'm sipping on something
And my homeboy say he got a bad bitch for me
And I'm single, yeah, I'm single
And I'm single, tonight I'm single
And I ain't tripping on nothing, I'm sipping on something
And my homeboy say he got a bad bitch for me tonight

[Verse 3]
Now she got on her fuck 'em dress
And I got on my double-breast
And he been fussing all day with her
And I make her feel special like a place kicker
She wanna be Weezy F Baby-sitter
Say she wish she could cut my dick off and take it with her
I say hold up
She say she just playing
Then I falls in that pussy like quick sand
Hot sex and cold wine
She left that nigga hanging like a clothes line
I cut my phones off, both lines
It's about to get nasty, pork rinds
She came hard, both times
We both say we single, and we both lying
We both wrong, but it feel right
Put your hands up if you single for the night

[Hook]
Yeah, I'm single
Nigga had to cancel that bitch like Nino
I ain't tripping on nothing, I'm sipping on something
And my homeboy say he got a bad bitch for me
And I'm single, yeah, I'm single
And I'm single, tonight I'm single
And I ain't tripping on nothing, I'm sipping on something
And my homeboy say he got a bad bitch for me tonight

[Outro]
If you're single, put your hands up
If you're single, put your hands up
If you're single, put your-
If you're single tonight
If you're single, put your hands up
If you're single, put your hands up
If you're single
If you're single tonight

***

TRACK: What's Wrong with Them

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Life on the rocks
Too hard to swallow
So we get high till it feel like the sky low
Ya’ll boys just a bunch of pussy cats, Milo
Money is the song
Pockets on high note
Do Re Mi Fa So
I rock like a fossil
Big boss shit, Paul Castellano
Shoot your ass up, now crawl out the condo
That's that nine nigga ughh, Rondo
Sleeping with the enemy, so I fuck the world
To Miss Louise Anna, the sweetest southern girl
The sweetest southern girl, sweetest southern girl

[Refrain: Nicki Minaj]
This is times up
Put your signs up
They done picked my dude
Out the line up
Baby what the fuck is wrong with them
What the fuck is wrong with them
You see many you call
Very few are chosen
Looking at the wall
You can feel them close in
Baby what the fuck is wrong with them
What the fuck is wrong with them

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Mind over matter, money over all
The world is on my shoulders
Should I dust my shoulders off?
Uzi rat-a-tatter, knocking over walls
Fuck the bullshit but just don’t fuck it raw
Man pussy has a pattern and I know where I’m going
And if you got beef I turn it to a tenderloin
Sanity kills so I live the crazy life
I wonder if they'll pay attention if I change the price
Life is my wife, till death do us part
Man I’m fly as fuck, you ain't even next to depart
Quick draw McGraw, I hope you like art

[Refrain]

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Stepping on the bullshit, you can be my doormat
Y’all ain't going nowhere with that hating shit, four flat
Disrespectful on the beat, Borat
Fuck the system and the pussy wasn’t all that
Yeah, now time’s getting shorter
Red Light on your head like a fucking recorder now
Don't you cross me, you do better crossing the border
So much money piled up, I’m a motherfucking hoarder

[Refrain]

***

TRACK: Right Above It

[Produced by Kane Beatz]

[Intro]
Kane is in the building

[Verse 1: Drake]
Who else is really trying to fuck with Hollywood Cole
I'm with Marley G's bro
Flying Holly Grove chicks to my Hollywood shows
And I wanna tell you something that you probably should know
This that Slum Dog Millionaire Bollywood flow and uh
My real friends never hearing from me
Fake friends write the wrong answers on the mirror for me
That's why I pick and choose, I don't get shit confused
I got a small circle, I'm not with different crews
We walk the same path, but got on different shoes
Live in the same building, but we got different views
I got a couple cars, I never get to use
Don't like my women single, I like my chicks in twos
And these days all the girls are down to roll
I hit the strip club, and all them bitches find a pole
Plus I be sipping, so this shit is moving kinda slow
Just tell my girl to tell her friend that it's time to go

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
Now tell me how you love it
You know you at the top when only heaven is right above it
We on, it's Young Money motherfucker
If you ain't running with it, run from it motherfucker
Alright, now somebody show some money in this bitch
And I got my b's with me like some honey in this bitch, you dig
I got my gun in my boo purse
And I don't bust back, because I shoot first

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Meet me on the fresh train, yes I'm in the building
You just on the list of guest names
And all of my riders do not give a fuck, X-Games
Guns turn you boys into pussies, sex change
And I smoke 'til I got chest pains
And you niggas know I rep my gang like Jesse James
Women are possessive, and they wanna possess Wayne
I been fly so long I fell asleep on the fucking plane
Skinny pants and some Vans
Call me Triple A, get my advance in advance, amen
As the world spinning, dance in my hands
Life is a beach, I'm just playing in the sand
Uh, wake up and smell the pussy
You niggas can't see me, but never overlook me
I'm on a paper trail and ain't no telling where it took me
Yeah, and I ain't a killer but don't push me

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
Now tell me how you love it
You know you at the top when only heaven is right above it
We on, it's Young Money motherfucker
If you ain't running with it, run from it motherfucker
Alright, now somebody show some money in this bitch
And I got my b's with me like some honey in this bitch, you dig
I got my gun in my boo purse
And I don't bust back, because I shoot first

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
How do you say what's never said?
Beautiful black woman, I bet that bitch look better red
Limping off tour, cause I made more on my second leg
Muthafuckin' Birdman Jr., 11th Grade
Ball on automatic start
I can hand it to Drake or do a quarterback draw
Wildcat offense, check the paw prints
We in the building, you niggas in apartments
Uh, now come on be my blood donor
Flow so nice you ain't gotta put a rug on her
Do it big and let the small fall under that
Damn where you stumbled at? From where they make Gumbo at
Kane got the fucking beat jumping like a jumping jack
And you know me, I get on this bitch and have a heart attack
Hip-Hop, I'm the heart of that
Nigga, nothing short of that
President Carter, Young Money Democrat

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
Now tell me how you love it
You know you at the top when only heaven is right above it
We on, it's Young Money motherfucker
If you ain't running with it, run from it motherfucker
Alright, now somebody show some money in this bitch
And I got my b's with me like some honey in this bitch, you dig
I got my gun in my boo purse
And I don't bust back, because I shoot first

***

TRACK: Popular

[Bridge: Lil Wayne]
She got that good good she Michael Jackson bad I'm attracted to her wit her attractive ass
She got that good good she Michael Jackson bad I'm attracted to her

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
She a monster, I’m her sponsor
She run through my head, Chris Johnson
I’ma tackle her, get in back of her
Bust that open suck that pussy like the Dracula
What your man doing? Tell him fall back
Throw that pussy at me, baseball bat
I kiss her where she point
I make her lose her voice
I see her when I want, call that viewers choice
Number one lover, she want none other
Don't need another one when we got one another
I take her out and then I take her down
I beat it up twelve rounds

[Bridge]

[Hook: Lil Twist]
Ok I’m watching you baby
And thinking about all of the things that I can do baby
On top of the world when I'm on top of you baby
Spend the night with me and get popular baby, po-popular baby (x2)

[Verse 2:Lil Wayne]
Uh
She a monster,but im a beast though
Take her clothes off, with my teeth though
I beat slow or I can hit it fast
I do it how she ask, and I cum last
I bust her ass, we tear it down
Then I gotta split like James Brown
Its all love, I come back around
And if she back it up, then then I back it down
Tell me something is you ready for me baby
Take this beast up out my pants and let you pet it for me baby
My dick on professor Klump jump on this Eddie for me baby
And when you fuck with me they give you credit for it baby yeah

[Bridge]

[Hook]


[Verse 3:Lil Wayne ]
She got that good good she Michael Jackson bad
Im attracted to her for her atractive ass
So pack your bags, I fly you in
Soon as she land, we get it in
She love to put her legs around my neck
I promise if I fuck her harder she gon' choke me to death ha
And its always wet, don't know if she the best I ever had
But she's the best I had yet

[Hook]

[Outro Lil Twist + Lil Wayne]
Hey and you get popular baby
And like a cradle I'll be rockin' you baby
I feel good when I'm on top of you baby
So I'mma stay on top of u baby, hey

You`ll be popular baby
I'll be rockin u baby
I'm on top of u baby
And I'mma stay on top of u baby hahaha

YOUNG MULA BABYY

***

TRACK: That Ain't Me

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Cut the music up please

Yeah, I shall never leave Hip-Hop
Controlled by my two hands, they go tick tock
Around the clock, yes it’s my time, my throne
Better know the time of day in any fuckin' time zone
I’m feelin' like I’m on top of the rhinestone
Pullin' the ladder from heaven, about to climb home
Mental thoughts are sharper than a pine cone
In this world of numbers, I keep my nine on
And I don’t go to church because the lyin' long
And the preacher, he be gettin' his shine on
But I know my Lord — I am God’s own
Back to my hands, tick-tick; a time bomb

[Hook : Jay Sean]
Yeah, don’t you know I’ll be (I’ll be)
Yeah, don’t you know I’ll be (I’ll be)
I’ll be here cause I won’t quit yeah
You can try lock me up
You can try to break me down
But I stay strong
It’s my own throne
Can't stop now cause that ain't me
You can try lock me up
You can try to break me down
But I stay strong
It’s my own throne
Can't stop now cause that ain't me

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Tryna stay afloat on my inner tube
When they turned my city into a swimmin' pool
Before that, it was a livin' cesspool
We gotta get on our shit, like gnats do
Polices be on my tip, like hats do
But I stay strong like blacks do
Never saved by the bell in a black school
And I stay in trouble like Zack do
And in this game, nobody’s on my plateau
Therefore my name remains, like a tattoo
Yes, I take giant steps in Shaq boots
B-I-R-D-man Junior, or — Weezy F. Baby, baby

[Hook : Jay Sean]
Yeah, don’t you know I’ll be (I’ll be)
Yeah, don’t you know I’ll be (I’ll be)
I’ll be here cause I won’t quit yeah
You can try lock me up
You can try to break me down
But I stay strong
It’s my own throne
Can't stop now cause that ain't me
You can try lock me up
You can try to break me down
But I stay strong
It’s my own throne
Can't stop now cause that ain't me

[Bridge - Jay Sean]
That ain't me
See I won’t stop, that ain't me
I won't quit, that ain't me
No, I won't stop, that ain't me
Cause that ain't me

[Verse 3: Lil' Wayne]
Alright; alright, alright, alright
I’m in their conversations
The title's up for grabs, I’m into confiscation
Punch, shot, and stab; now you're the doctor's patient
Wild like an Arab from the Islamic nation
I get money 'round the clock, ain't got no time for hatin'
And these niggas ain't shit, like they're constipated
I get the coupe with the kit, watch me lobster red it
Drop the top at the light, that's when I be headed
So far ahead of them I feel outdated
But I feel electric like I’m Rayden
Used to play Mortal Kombat when I was a couch potato
And now I’m coming out the faders, no homo

[Hook : Jay Sean]
Yeah, don’t you know I’ll be (I’ll be)
Yeah, don’t you know I’ll be (I’ll be)
I’ll be here cause I won’t quit yeah
You can try lock me up
You can try to break me down
But I stay strong
It’s my own throne
Can't stop now cause that ain't me
You can try lock me up
You can try to break me down
But I stay strong
It’s my own throne
Can't stop now cause that ain't me

***

TRACK: Bill Gates

[Verse 1]
Skinny ass pants, fresh pair of Vans
If them niggas keep tripping they can share an ambulance
Throw up blood with my hands
My gang popping niggas
Smoke that Kiesha, not that Reggie
For you name dropping niggas
All day I do it, I do it like Tony
Got a sign on my dick that say "Bad Bitches Only"
I don't drink champagne, it make my stomach hurt
Man I'm on that Patron, fuck with me wrong and get murked
Got a silencer on the gun, that bitch go pew
Got a mean ass swagger, my bitches do too
Yeah all my niggas nuts and I'm a loose screw
Bitch I get big bucks, pockets on Bruce Bruce
Yeah I talk that shit, bitch I got bread, bitch I got toast
Welcome to The Murder Show — I am the motherfucking host
They call me Weezy F. Baby, yes I do the fucking most
I'm at their throats until they choke
The God has spoke
I need a smoke, man
(Smoke break...)

[Hook 1]
Now let it breathe to 'em
It go; all these bitches, and niggas still hating
I used to be balling, but now I'm Bill Gating
Got a list full of problems
I'll tend to them later
Yeah, life is a bitch, but I appreciate her, man
All these bitches and niggas still hating
Yeah I used to be balling, but now I'm Bill Gating
Got a list full of problems
I'll tend to them later
Yeah, life is a bitch, but I appreciate her, man

[Verse 2]
It go; dark-ass shades, I can't see them haters
Now eat these fucking bullets, don't forget to tip the waiter
Dress like a skater, ride on you like Shaun White
I'm high all day, you can call that shit a long flight
Every night's a long night, every day's a holiday
I don't fuck with squares, now do that mean I'm out of shape?
Yes I talk shit, got to defecate to conversate
Weezy fuck the world, yep I fuck it 'til it ovulate
Get her to the crib, get in that pussy and just dominate
Weezy F. Baby and the 'F' is for fornicate
Polo Ralph Lauren, bitch, that's what my pajamas say
Big tall glass of some shit you can't pronounciate
Boogers in the bezel of my watch with the vomit face
And still I do not give you motherfuckers the time of day
Pistol in your mouth, I can not make out what you trying to say
And if they want a war
Then tell them motherfuckers "Bombs away"

[Hook 2]
Man, all these bitches, and niggas still hating
Man, I used to be balling, but now I'm Bill Gating
Got a list full of problems — I'll tend to 'em later
And life is a bitch, but I appreciate her
Man, all these bitches, and niggas still hating
And I used to be balling, but now I'm Bill Gateing
Got a list full of problems — I'll tend to 'em later
Man, life is a bitch, but I appreciate her

[Outro]
Let it breathe tune
Just let it breathe tune, yeah
Young, Young Mula, baby
Young Mula, baby
Young, Young Mula, baby
Just let it breathe tune

***

TRACK: YM Banger

[Verse 1: Gudda Gudda]
Ok I'm leanin' to the left, flag in my right pocket
Star Trek fly, unidentified flying objects
Extraterrestrial, I'm all about my decimals
Retarded in the booth, they say I got a special flow
Sicker than your average you rappers is ass backwards
Gudda spit crack and you niggas is crack addicts
It's simple mathematics; you cut the check
And I rake in the green like I'm rakin' the grass in
Pretty bitches damn near faint when they passin'
Call my whip Martin, but the first name Aston
Potatohead niggas get mashed when I'm spazzin
Think you fuckin' with me? Put your cash in
Nah, I doubt it;
I was young and reckless when Pete say he was about it
You niggas is Ducks, Howards, Cowards
Kill the competition and shower niggas with flowers
This rap shit is ours, Gudda, bitch~!

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Uh, Uptown back in it, Hollygrove black menace
Black clothes, black tennis', black semi'
I've never sat in the Hemi, that will offend me
Try Maybach or Maybach, bitch I got stacks
Yeah, Paychecks on paychecks and I still want payback
I still don't play that, I kill on ASAP
And we don't do shit but get money all day
Put some shoes on my bullets now they runnin' your way
YM, Young Mula, Young Money all day
Where the drugs so sweet like honey on yay
Which one of y'all say you want drama? I'm honored
I blitz yo' ass like a mothafuckin' lineman
Stack of paychecks with a whole bunch of commas
Still wear red like an old 49er
Fuck shittin' on ya, dump the whole toilet on ya
Weezy F baby, bitch I'm hotter than Uganda
Uggh!

[Verse 3: Jae Millz]
Let-let go
Mo-momma ain't make me to make homies, she made me to make history
So doin that my extra-curicular activity
Bulldozer boy and my target is the industry
Two things in the world I love - good head and victory
You ain't doin' it big, I'm grown, stop kiddin me
Your whip ain't up to date and your hoes look like Mr. T
This is Misery, no Kathy Bates
Come at me sideways my money'll slap you straight
Yeah, I'm a big joker so you know I'll smash your ace
Leave the club with ya girl send her home with a ashy face
Love is a gamble, but it's my casino
And tonight you're the loser, I hope she got Aveno
I hope the game got life insurance cause I'mma kill it
And all you whack ass rap niggas dyin with it
I'm so Harlem, eatin but still starvin'
Po-pockets fat as fuck like all they do is eat margarine
Millz!

[Verse 4: Tyga]
Say, put the flow
Say, put the flow in the pot, crank up the notch
Burn the song from a stove top, this finger lickin hot
His pick flip cause the nigga flopped
My shit hit like the pitch was soft, niggas cottonballed
She dropped drawers cause she poppin off
Her pussy crossed guard but, I don't stop at all
I smash in the car, like fuck the fuckin law
Her baby daddy gone, who wanna meet the Don?
That Rocky shit up on the arm-arm
Shittin on 'em like hay in the barn
Hey wait they say Money talks and, man you don't speak at all
You shop at mini-malls
My style two thumbs up like using analogs
Ha ha~! I wreck shit for the recognition bitch
Jesus as my witness, Saan vision
Eyeball you niggas, flame flicker
I melt pictures, Tyga skin ain't drippin

***

TRACK: YM Salute

[Refrain: Nicki Minaj]
Better strap up your boots
Before they start to shoot
Then do it for the troops
It’s Young Money salute

[Verse 1: Lil' Twist]
So sick with the flow
Yeah your cowboys know that Lil Twist
Been a pro way before Romo or T.O
No wetting cowboys to a piston
A.I - no Wallace, your kids gettin' demolished
I’m bookin' on your suckers like I'm just leaving college
But smart, very smart - too smart for your knowledge
Too smart once more, Wayne called me a genius
It’s YME, nothin' gets in between us

[Bridge: Lil' Chuckee]
Tell Wayne I’m goin' in like somebody bout to bury me
In this rap game, nobody could ever bury me
That's why you see me on stage rockin' with Young Money
I told my team I got us man, it’s all on me
Like Volume two B.G., I got my crew with me
Twist, Mack, Millz, Gudda and my baby Nicki
Every time I’m on the track it’s ransom
Can’t find us anymore, it’s random
When Young Money come through you better salute us

[Refrain]

[Verse 2: Jae Millz]
Hey I solemnly swear if it ever go down
You ain't never got to call me cause I’mma be there
Let's get to the point like elbows, my crew harder than shell toes
Strapped like Velcro and this we running hell no
And truthfully, aimin' for number one, oh do we
You ask why I aim high
Cause nobody remember two or three
Cross YM and them will make a movie
We all we can be, respect the army and salute we

[Gudda Gudda]
Young Money army, we marching
We coming forward, no warning
We got these boys running like Forest
So salute me like a general
First place, never last
Always on top and I’m a chief like a Seminole
Got the game in strangle hold no letting up
You can get the top, you can pop like 7-Up
Knock knock let us up, Young Money applaud me
And we’ll take the game out your hands like a joy stick

[Nicki Minaj]
I’ma need my badges and my ribbons
Maybe it will make up for everything that I wasn’t given
Everything that I’ve given, I swear I’ll never give in
Just look at what I’ve been in and this is just the beginning
I d-d-do it cause I did it for my ballerina girls
Blowing kisses to the soldiers, I am Marilyn Monroe
But we shoot shoot shoot em up, camouflage me
Cause Young Money is the Navy better yet the Army

[Hook]

[Verse 3 - Lil Wayne]
Commander-in-Chief
One hand on the World, one hand on the brief
I stand on the world, bitch I stand on the peak
Of the game, and the girls, and the guap, now that's G
Don’t ask me about shit but money
Fuckin’ right my money long I got that 10-foot money
I get it fast when I get to the money
When I walk, it sounds like 10 foots running
I meant feet, I’m in deep like wet pussy
I’m a purple heart proven war vet, rookie
You can’t even sit next to me
Now bring money or death to me, or don’t step to me
Now don’t step nigga, march with me
To the steps of the court building
Like ain’t we God’s children?
I know at all times gods feel me
So I play my part until the war kill me
Salute - or shoot

***

TRACK: I Don't Like the Look of It

[Intro]
I don't like the look of it

[Verse 1: Gudda Gudda]
Okay, I'm sippin on the syrup, got a nigga movin slow
I'm all about the money, what the fuck you think I do it for?
Bitch don't act like you don't know, I'm killin all these rap niggas
Custom made caskets for yo' motherfuckin funeral
Keep the women with me, shit I gotta keep like two or more
Party everyday, like we won the fuckin Super Bowl
Chillin wit my nigga Mack, he keep bitches handy
White girl on the table, let 'em sniff the nose candy
When I'm walkin by, the women sayin, "Who is that nigga?"
I replied, "Hi, I am Gudda Gudda, that nigga!"
I was raised in the home of the cap splitters
Whip on 24's, watch it crawl like a caterpillar
I come with a toy boy like a Happy Meal
And you's a motherfuckin duck, Daffy Dill
I'm from the school of hard knocks, where we scrap and kill
Pick the knife or gun or you can get the package deal
I'm hot nigga, burnin everything around me
I was lost for a minute, took a while but I found me
The streets say I'm king but the game'll never crown me
Realest nigga doin it just ask the niggas 'round me
So you cain't size me up or try to clown a-
Shark in the water, jump in and I'mma drown ya
New Orleans nigga, gun out, I'mma down ya
Put niggas to sleep like a muthafuckin downer
I'm a Great White, you'se a flounder
Fish and a bitch, I tuna eveything around ya
U-Haul Gudda, movin everything around ya
It's Young Money, bitch! At the top is where they found us, nigga

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Uh, goons on deck, Marley don't shoot 'em
Silence on the gun, watch a nigga mute 'em
The coach in the booth, call me Jon Gruden
School these niggas, they all my students
All jokes aside, I ain't playin with ya
The weed broke down, like a transmission
Tha chopper spin him 'round, like a ballerina
Bitch I'm still spittin like I ate a jalapeno
I'm from uptown, my bitch from Argentina
My pockets on fat like Joey Cartagena
Stunt so hard, it's all y'all fault
And when it come to beef, give me A1 Sauce
I ain't worryin 'bout shit, everything paid out
You could catch me courtside in Dwayne Wade house
With a high yellow thick bitch wit her legs out
Cash Money president, but we in a red house
Who the fuck want it? Make my fuckin day
I blow your candles out, now nigga cut the cake
I gotta eat, bitch! Like a runaway
Y'all niggas ain't eatin, stomach ache
Okay, all these bitches, and niggas still hatin
I used to be ballin, but now I'm Bill Gatein
Fuckin with my iPhone, bumpin' Illmatic
I'm on the road to riches, there's just a lil' traffic
Hair still platted, thuggin is a habit
Keep my guitar, hip hop Lenny Kravitz
Bunch of bad bitches and I fuck 'em like rabbits
Dope dick Weezy, ya girlfriend an addict, uh

---

WORK: Tha Carter IV

***

TRACK: Tha Carter IV Intro

[Produced by Willy Will]

[Verse]
Man, fuck them bitches and them hoes
And them niggas pussies, camel toes
I got some money on me, and the weed nice
My shit won’t ever stop, suck my green light
Bitch it’s Carter 4, murder's all she wrote
Now it’s fuck everybody, like a Scorpio
Still running shit, I’m on my cardio
Boy I’m going in, like my water broke
Suicide note, suicide doors
I put in overtime, like a tied score
Tinted windows bitch, that mean mind yours
And the weed loud, like a lion's roar
Stare into the eyes, the eyes of forever
Hear no evil see no evil, Helen Keller
No music on, rock it acapella
And I don’t need a watch, the time is now or never
Tell my niggas love, I die behind this shit
A nigga counting money, you niggas counterfeit
Real nigga nigga, proud of what I am
Young Money is an army, bitch I’m Uncle Sam
Them hoes call me Tunechi, mama call me Tune
I left the bullshit in the waiting room
Straight to the money, no short cuts
Now watch me go retarded, yellow short bus
We do drive-bys, we do walk-ups
And bitch I be so high, I get starstruck
Millz in this bitch, he said fuck them hoes
And the jewelry bright, like summer clothes
And I keep some bud, like Rudy Huxtable
I’m bout to slam the beat, nigga Dusty Rhodes
I’m from eagle street, I go Hercules
I get on the beat, murder 1st degree
YMCMB, we don’t give a fuck
You faker than some titties, you get tittie fucked
This the best worst feeling
And nigga if I die I die a death worth living
This that text book G shit
I’ve been in that water but I’ve never been sea sick
Yeah, knock me I knock ya face off
Life’s a crazy bitch, Grace Jones
Mind of a genius, with a heart of stone
C4, Mr. Carter’s home!

***

TRACK: Blunt Blowin'

[Intro]
Yeah, I put my shades on

[Verse 1]
I live it up like these are my last days
If time is money, I'm an hour past paid
Ugh, gunpowder in my hourglass
Niggas faker than some flour in a powder bag
Yeah, I put it down like my hands hurting
I'm on a natural high, but I land perfect
Some of us are lovers, most of y'all haters
But I put up a wall, and they just wallpaper
So love or hate me, I stay hate-free
They say we learn from mistakes; why, that's why they mistake me
I got some weight on my shoulders, to me it's like feathers
All hail Weezy, call it bad weather
I stick to the script, I memorize the lines
Cause life is a movie that I've seen too many times
You're on the outside looking in, close the blinds
And they say never say never, but fuck it, nevermind
I've been gone too long, true or false, right or wrong
Hello Weezy, welcome home, yeah

[Chorus]
And I'm a blunt-blowin', Polo-drawers-showin'
I-don't-give-a-lovely-motherfuck-ass-nigga
With my money growing, no matter where you going
You don't need a bus pass for me to bust yo ass, nigga
I'm a blunt-blowin', Polo-drawers-showin'
I-don't-give-a-lovely-motherfuck-ass-nigga
With my money growing, no matter where you going
You don't need a bus pass for me to bust yo ass, nigga

[Verse 2]
Stunna, I got 'em, I'm back on them bitches
All about my riches, my name should be Richard
Cut the bullshit out, I'm Edward with the scissors
Life is a choice, and death is a decision
Times have changed, but fuck it get a new watch
I still got the vision like a line between two dots
Young Money's eating, the label getting fatter
And yea, the tables turned, but I'm still sitting at 'em
I'm a bad motherfucker cause the good die young
Everybody selling dreams, I'm too cheap to buy one
Man, when that cookie crumble, everybody want a crumb
Shoot that hummingbird down, hummingbird don't hum
Yea, big money, big money, deep pockets
Money talks, and motherfuckers eavesdropping
Bunch of bloods, you could call it blood clotting
Eastside, MOB Piru Damu

[Hook]
I'm a blunt-blowin', Polo-drawers-showin'
I-don't-give-a-lovely-motherfuck-ass-nigga
With my teeth glowing, I'm on my Deebowin'
You don't need a bus pass for me to bust yo ass, nigga

[Verse 3]
Light that Ashton Kutcher, I'm a limit pusher
See y'all dead meat, and me I'm just a butcher
I do it for the money, man I am such a hooker
And freedom was my girl, until they fucking took her
You can look into the future, it's right behind your eyelids
But I don't wanna know, cause shit I like surprises
Why that, why this, why you on that why shit?
Motherfucker ask me why, I say YM
Beach bum, call me Ocean Drive Slim
Drop the top, look up and make the sky grin
Young Mula, skinnies and some Supras
Belly of the beast 'til it puke us, motherfucker

[Hook]
I'm a blunt-blowin', Polo-drawers-showin'
I-don't-give-a-lovely-motherfuck-ass-nigga
With my money growing, no matter where you going
You don't need a bus pass for me to bust yo ass, nigga

[Outro]
I've been gone too long
True or false, right or wrong
Hello Weezy, welcome home
It's Young Mula, baby

***

TRACK: Megaman

[Verse 1]
Faded off the Kush, I'm gone
Only 2 years old when daddy used to bring them hookers home
Looking like my Grandma
My niggas got that ammo
We jack-son and then light up the L
Samuel
Tunechi in this bitch, nigga
Y'all niggas bitch niggas
Rats gon' rat
And snakes gon' hiss nigga
Baseball rich nigga, do this shit for all my homies
Where them bad bitches at? Come and put that pussy on me
Tunechi you a murderer, boy you just be killing shit
Yeah you know that money talk, I am the ventriloquist
Tranquilizer in the trunk, put your ass to sleep man
Birdman Junior, got the world in my wingspan
How you niggas want it? Have it your way, Burger King
I get deep in that pussy, dig her out, surgery
Fucking with a real nigga, fucking right, certainly
Break in your fucking home, take your life, burglary
Whoa nigga
Die slow nigga
For dear life you're holding on
En Vogue, nigga
Unload nigga
Reload nigga
Tools on deck, Home Depot, nigga
Well if life is a bitch, then mine a gold digger
Yeah and all my bitches nasty like a cold dinner
Everyday I go so hard and work my ass off
I'm good, I'm 100 like a fastball
It's Carter IV

[Interlude]
Yeah!
I'm going back in man

[Verse 2]
Yeah, we get fuck y'all money
How you wanna play it?
That AK sleep on the side of my bed
That's one eye closed, one eye open
Your cap get peeled like ibuprofen
I'm sick, I'm ill, I ain't the nigga to fuck with
It's a crazy world, and life is shorter than Bushwick
Young Money, man, we got this shit by a land slide
Boy I send them Bloods at your ass like a tampon
Uptown shit, wet the whole party
Weezy gon' ball, bal' like Steve Harvey
The heater I'mma tuck her
Tuck-er like De-lores
That's my word, word like the-saurus
I don't see no future in your fronting, I be stunting hard
Rap game dependent on me like a bungee cord
Fear nobody, but God almighty
Shoot that motherfucker 'til I get arthritis
I'm a beast, I'm a ass, I'm ahead of my class
I'm a diamond in the rough like a baby in the trash
I don't talk it, I live it
I paint a picture vivid
And them pistols popping like they sitting in a skillet
I go so hard, go so mean
I'm so New Orleans
Told the judge I couldn't budge
It was him or me
Forget the bullshit and remember me

***

TRACK: 6 Foot 7 Foot

[Hook]
Six-foot, seven-foot, eight-foot bunch
Six-foot, seven-foot, eight-foot bunch

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Excuse my charisma, vodka with a spritzer
Swagger down pat; call my shit Patricia
Young Money militia and I am the commissioner
You no wan' start Weezy ‘cause the 'F' is for finisher
So misunderstood, but what's a world without enigma?
Two bitches at the same time; synchronized swimmers
Got the girl twisted ‘cause she open when you twist her
Never met the bitch, but I fuck her like I missed her
Life is the bitch, and death is her sister
Sleep is the cousin—what a fuckin' family picture!
You know Father Time, and we all know Mother Nature
It's all in the family, but I am of no relation
No matter who's buyin', I'm a celebration
Black and white diamonds; fuck segregation!
Fuck that shit, my money up, you niggas just Honey Nut
Young Money runnin' shit, and you niggas just runner-ups
I don't feel I done enough, so I'ma keep on doin' this shit
Lil Tunechi or Young Tuna Fish

[Hook]
Six-foot, seven-foot, eight-foot bunch
Six-foot, seven-foot, eight-foot bunch

I'm goin' back in…

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Okay, I lost my mind, it's somewhere out there stranded
I think you stand under me if you don't understand me
Had my heart broken by this woman named Tammy
But hoes gon' be hoes, so I couldn't blame Tammy
Just talked to Moms, told her she the sweetest
I beat the beat up; call it self-defense
Swear, man, I be seein' through these niggas like sequence
Niggas think they He-Men, pow, pow, the end
Talkin' to myself because I am my own consultant
Married to the money, fuck the world; that's adultery
You full of shit, you close your mouth and let yo' ass talk
Young Money eatin', all you haters do is add salt
Stop playin', bitch, I got this game on deadbolt
Mind so sharp I fuck around and cut my head off
Real nigga all day and tomorrow
But these motherfuckers talkin' crazy like they jaw broke
Glass half empty, half full, I'll spill ya
Try me and run into a wall; outfielder
You know I'ma ball 'til they turn off the field lights
The fruits of my labor, I enjoy 'em while they still ripe
Bitch, stop playin', I do it like a king do
If these niggas animals, then I'ma have a mink soon
Tell 'em bitches I say put my name on the wall
I speak the truth, but I guess that's a foreign language to y'all
And I call it like I see it, and my glasses on
But most of y'all don't get the picture 'less the flash is on
Satisfied with nothin', you don't know the half of it
Young Money, Cash Money
Paper chasin', tell that paper, "Look, I'm right behind ya"
Bitch, real Gs move in silence like lasagna
People say I'm borderline crazy, sorta kinda
Woman of my dreams, I don't sleep so I can't find her
You niggas are gelatin, peanuts to an elephant
I got through that sentence like a subject and a predicate
Yeah, with a swag you would kill for
Money too strong; pockets on bodybuilder
Jumped in a wishin' well, now wish me well
Tell 'em kiss my ass, call it kiss and tell

[Verse 3: Cory Gunz]
Word to my mama, I'm out of my lima bean
Don't wanna see what that drama mean
Get some Dramamine
Llama scream, hotter than summer sun on a Ghana queen
Now all I want is hits, bitch, Wayne signed a fiend
I played the side for you niggas that's tryna front, and see
Son of Gun, Son of Sam, you nigga's the son of me
Pause for this dumber speech, I glow like Buddha
Disturb me, and you'll be all over the flo' like Luda
Bitch, I flow like scuba, bitch, I'm bold like Cuba
And I keep a killer ho, she gon' blow right through ya
I be mackin', 'bout my stackin', now I pack like a mover
Shout to ratchet for backin' out on behalf of my shooter
Niggas think they high as I, I come laugh at your ruler
Cash Money cold, bitch, but our actions is cooler
Wayne, these niggas out they mind
I done told these fuck niggas so many times
That I keep them bucks steady on my mind
Tuck these, I fuck these on your mind, pause
To feed them, on my grind, did I get a little love
Keep throwin' my sign in the middle
Hit 'em up, piece on my side
‘Cause ain't no peace on my side, bitch
I'm a man, I visit urinals with pride
Tune told me to, I'm shootin' when the funeral outside
I'm uptown, thoroughbred, a BX nigga, ya heard? Gunna

***

TRACK: Nightmares of the Bottom

[Verse 1]
Sleeping at the top, nightmares of the bottom
Everybody wanna be fly until you swat ‘em
But who am I to talk? I ain’t shittin' roses
We in the same picture but we all got different poses
Now I’m looking in my rear view, I see the world in it
I try to slow down, and I get rear-ended
Pause, like a red light, I’m dead right
Highway to Heaven, God, do you see my headlights?
They say you don’t know what you’re doing 'til you stop doing it
Well, call me clueless 'cause I do this
Attention all shooters: I’m a shooting star
Life is a course, and I'ma shoot for par
Searching for today, instead I found tomorrow
And I put that shit right back, man, I’ll see what I find tomorrow
Young Money, CMR, Blood like a scar
Weezy F. Baby and the "F" ain't for "Flaw"

[Interlude]
Uh, uh
Yep, yep
Yep, yep

[Verse 2]
It's like I have it all, but I don't have to worry
Married to the money, a true love story
Only God can judge me, I don't need a jury
Nothing standing in my way like nothing's my security
Back to my journey, that bullshit don't concern me
If I knew I was going to jail, I would have fucked my attorney
If you sleeping on me, nigga, then I hope you toss and turnin'
I'm so cold I'm hypothermic, ask your bitch, she will confirm it, yeah
Now what we doin' with it?
Keep opening your grill, I'm barbecuin' with it
I know my shit already tight so I ain't screwin' with it
Some say this game is a joke, well I hope they get it
Okay, I'm walking on needles, sticking to the point
Yeah, the streets is talking, I'm familiar with the voice
I'm a gangsta by choice, I hope my sons choose wiser
And don't call me "Sir," call me "Survivor"

[Interlude]
Uh, yeah
Uh, haha
And they go "yep, yep"
Yep, yep

[Verse 3]
Uh, call me "Killer" 'cause I make a killin'
I got this shit wrapped up, bow and a ribbon
That's them twin Glocks, you can call them siblings
And them bullets travel, better hope I keep dribblin'
I touch the sky, get the clouds out my fingernails
These bitches think they fly like Tinkerbell
But they all on my wire like Stringer Bell
I let them be, 'cause you know how the sting’ll feel
Know how to whip that white girl, I can spank her tail
And I fuck up any track: train derail
Know how to roll, never need training wheels
And when the truth hurts, I pop pain pills
Uh, all or nothing or nothing else
I bleed reality, I should cut myself
Just had a bowl of riches, and a cup of wealth
And the "F" is for "Fuck yourself"

[Outro]
Uhh, yeah
And I ain’t doing nothing but getting my share, breathin' this air
And Mack moms told me she gon' keep me in her prayers
So I’m feeling alright, I’m tryna stay aware
And if you wanna trip, then I'ma meet you there
To my niggas in the game, keep the game fair
Players play, coaches coach, and cheerleaders cheer
I’m trying to keep spirit when the ghost disappear
Weezy F. Baby and the "F" ain’t for "Fear," uh

***

TRACK: She Will

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
I tell her, "Now go and pop that pussy for a real nigga!"
I already know that life is deep, but I still dig her
Niggas is jealous, but really I could care less
I'm in Hell's Kitchen with an apron and a hairnet
Devil on my shoulder, the Lord as my witness
So on my Libra scale I'm weighin' sins and forgiveness
What goes around comes around like a hula hoop
Karma is a bitch? Well, just make sure that bitch is beautiful
Life on the edge, I'm danglin' my feet
I tried to pay attention but attention paid me
Haters can't see me: nose-bleed seats
And today I went shoppin' and talk is still cheap
I rock to the beat of my drum set
I been at the top for a while and I ain't jump yet
But I'm Ray Charles to the bullshit
Now jump up on that dick and do a full split!

[Hook: Drake]
Uh, she just started to pop it for a nigga
And looked back and told me, "Baby, it's real."
And I say, "I ain't doubt you for a second."
I squeeze it and I could tell how it feel
I wish we could take off
And go anywhere but here, baby, you know the deal
‘Cause she bad so maybe she won't
Uh, but shit, then again, maybe she will
Do it for the realest niggas
In the fuckin' game right now, she will
Do it for the realest niggas
In the fuckin' game right now, she will
Maybe for the money and the power
And the fame right now, she will
Do it for the realest niggas
In the fuckin' game right now, she will

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
I tell her, "Now go and pop that pussy for me!"
Haters can't see me, but them bitches still lookin' for me
And you could take it to the bank and deposit that
Put your two cents in and get a dollar back
Some people hang you out to dry like a towel rack
I'm all about I, give the rest of the vowels back
I like my girl thick, not just kinda fine
Eat her 'til she cry, call that "wine and dine"
Try to check me and I'ma have 'em checkin' pulses
They say "choose wisely," that's why I was chosen
Rockin' like the asphalt, it's the cash fault
Looked in the face of Death and took its mask off
Now I like my house big and my grass soft
I like my girl's face south and her ass north
But I'm Ray Charles to the bullshit
Now hop up on that dick and do a full split!

[Hook: Drake]
Uh, she just started to pop it for a nigga
And looked back and told me, "Baby, it's real."
And I say, "I ain't doubt you for a second."
I squeeze it and I could tell how it feel
I wish we could take off
And go anywhere but here, baby, you know the deal
‘Cause she bad so maybe she won't
Uh, but shit, then again, maybe she will
Do it for the realest niggas
In the fuckin' game right now, she will
Do it for the realest niggas
In the fuckin' game right now, she will
Maybe for the money and the power
And the fame right now, she will
Do it for the realest niggas
In the fuckin' game right now, she will

***

TRACK: How to Hate

[Produced by Andrew Lloyd and Young Fyre]

[Verse 1: T-Pain]
She owes me everything and she knows it
I've seen all the scenes in this movie, and she blows it at the end
She keeps talking to me, cause she knows that I'm a friend
But I can't keep hearing it over and over again
I was the one that you came to
When you broke up with your boyfriend, man, fuck him
Girl I was the one, that told you fuck them other niggas
And you still went and fucked them other niggas
Most people learn from the bad things
I hope that you learn and don't crash and burn in the fast lane
But if you read this letter then you caught me
This should explain all the ways that you taught me

[Hook: T-Pain]
How to hate a bitch that owe you everything
At least a wedding ring, moving on to better things
So don't you call me talking bout them other fools
I'm not good enough for you, I thought that we was cool
If you need a shoulder to cry on, girl I won't listen
I'm through fucking with these bitch ass bitches

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
And I don't love them hoes
But don't fuck up with Wayne cause when it "Waynes" it pours
No really, I'm on my "fuck that bitch" shit
You used to be the shit, but now you ain't shit, bitch
I had a red bone, but she be tripping though
All that bullshit is for the birds, she was pigeon toed
She used to always say, fuck my niggas
And when I went to jail, she fucked my niggas
Well, I guess I'm single for the night
And you can sit right on my middle finger for the night
And if I sound mad, then you caught me
But this shit explains that you're the one that taught me

[Hook: T-Pain]
How to hate a bitch that owe you everything
At least a wedding ring, moving on to better things
So don't you call me talking bout them other fools
I'm not good enough for you, I thought that we was cool
If you need a shoulder to cry on, girl I won't listen
I'm through fucking with these bitch ass bitches

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Coconut Ciroc
Forgive and forget, bitch I already forgot
I'm over the bitch, and she over the top
They say love is the key, somebody changed the lock
Well, and I wish I never met ya
And I heard you're doing you, and you heard I'm doing better
And all I had to do was put two and two together
But that just makes four, but not four-ever, damn
So much for being the perfect couple
I put in overtime, I was working doubles
I wish you the best, good luck boo
Weezy F, for "fuck you"

[Bridge: T-Pain]
No ain't nothing going on
Girl I'm moving on, just take your ass home
Get away from here girl, I'm so glad you're gone
This is the last song I'm writing for you
Now I see how you can be
I don't want you 'round you me all you do is down me girl
How many years I tried to get ya
Don't even text my phone when it hit ya, cause girl done taught me

[Hook: T-Pain]
How to hate a bitch that owe you everything
At least a wedding ring, moving on to better things
So don't you call me talking bout them other fools
I'm not good enough for you, I thought that we was cool
If you need a shoulder to cry on, girl I won't listen
I'm through fucking with these bitch ass bitches

***

TRACK: Interlude

[Produced by Willy Will]

[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Carter IV, it's on
Yeah, it sound like that Lil', man, they be like "Wayne
That nigga right over there, that nigga's from another planet"
Cut the weed, pop-pop
Insanity shit, niggas from this planet can't see
U-u-u-u-uhh

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
Hot's what it is, watch what the kid drops
I'ma get the prop if you're not with the biz
Not only other regions, I really popped at the crib
So hatin' motherfuckers, you better stop with the jibs
Off of the thizz, but I'm boss
It don't matter what the cost
When I live right across from the Wiz
Killa City will have a nigga lost in the Mid
Doing nothing but mothers stacking pussy coffin again
What is happening is a merger, different levels of murder
Lil Weezy cook it and I'mma serve her
Further, that's what I'ma get doing this
Rremember when eating Gerber
Mama said to kill 'em all and I heard her
Thank you Baby for what became Lil Wayne
It's gettin' all the people knowin' that Strange in the game
I been really able to hang in the fame
But when he shouted my name, it's been a change in my lane
I'm a Klusterfuk and lovin' nothin' but to get your brain
And I be stuck in lust and quick to a bust a nut
And take a nigga's dame with no shame
When they be bussing 'nough, they thinkin' they thuggin' tough
But never do knuckle up, you in the gang, you bang
You drunk and touching every thang, you lame
Sucka, you cannot sustain the reign
Tech N9ne is such a cuckoo in this
Baller nigga, Strange Music, crew threw swishes
I know a lot of you prolly never knew who this is
Well, you listenin' to Tecca Nina, Soo Woo business

[Verse 2: André 3000]
Today, I feel electric gray, I hope tomorrow neon black
I tell a nigga, "All those flows are borrowed"
It’s the pharaoh, Three Stacks
I woke up in Cairo, lookin’ at stars
So bright in the sky, I thought they were marbles
No car doors, whatcha call those?
AA whole carload, of raw hoes
In a Jeep Defender
Please remember, don’t feed the Simba
Three’s assembled like nobody
He's a symbol of what's safari
Pulled her ponytail to my body
She’s the only girl that was smart e-nough
To call me 'Mr. Benjamin' in the middle of a wild party
Skin was cinnamon; I pound it harder
How come the only girls that are thought of
Are the light ones? Well tonight then
We gon’ do it, do it, do it for the dark ones
It’s important that you are more than
Welcome to Tha Carter IV and
Y’all enjoy it, I will go ‘head
And I’ll kiss y’all on y’all forehead, out

***

TRACK: John

[Intro]
Just saw an alien saucer approaching from the sky
Radio contact has been attempted but cannot be established Instructions are to prepare for an attack by an unknown enemy

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Fo’ fo’ bulldog: my motherfucking pet
I point it at you and tell that motherfucker "fetch"
I’m fucking her good, she got her legs on my neck
I get pussy, mouth and ass, call that bitch triple threat
When I was in jail she let me call her collect
But if she get greedy, I’ma starve her to death
Top down, it’s upset
Been fucking the world and nigga I ain't cum yet
You fuck with me wrong, I knock your head off your neck
The flight too long, I got a bed on the jet
The guns are drawn and I ain't talking 'bout a sketch
I pay these niggas with a reality check
Prepared for the worst but still praying for the best
This game is a bitch I got my hand up her dress
The money don’t sleep, so Weezy can’t rest
And AK-47 is my fucking address, huh

[Hook: Rick Ross & Lil Wayne]
I’m not a star, somebody lied, I got a chopper in the car
I got a chopper in the car, I got a chopper in the car
Load up the choppers like it’s December 31st
Roll up and cock it and hit them niggas where it hurts
If I die today, remember me like John Lennon
Buried in Louis, I’m talking all brown linen, huh

[Verse 2: Rick Ross]
Big black nigga in a icey watch
Shoes on the coupe, bitch I got a Nike shop
Count the profits you could bring 'em in a Nike box
Grinding in my Jordans kick 'em off they might be hot, swish!
I’m swimming in a yellow bitch in the red 911 looking devilish
Red beam make a bitch nigga sit down
Thought it were bullet proof till he got hit the fifth time
Drop palmolive in a nigga dope
Make it come back even harder than before
Baby I’m the only one that paid your car notes
Well connected got killers off in Chicago

[Hook]
I’m not a star, somebody lied, I got a chopper in the car
I got a chopper in the car, I got a chopper in the car
Load up the choppers like it’s December 31st
Roll up and cock it and hit them niggas where it hurts
If I die today, remember me like John Lennon
Buried in Louis, I’m talking all brown linen, huh

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Talk stupid, get ya head popped
I got that Esther, bitch I’m Redd Foxx
Big B’s, Red Sox, I get money to kill time, dead clocks
You fucking with a nigga who won’t give a fuck
Empty the clip then roll the window up
Pussy nigga sweet, them niggas Cinnabon
I’m in a red bitch, she said she finna cum
200 thou' on a chain, I don’t need a piece
That banana clip, let Chiquita speak
Dark shades, Eazy E, five letters, YMCMB
Bitch ass nigga, pussy ass nigga
I see ya looking, with ya looking ass nigga
You know the rules, kill them all and keep moving
If I died today it’d be a holiday

[Verse 4: Rick Ross]
I’m not a star, somebody lied
I got a chopper in the car, so don’t make it come alive
Rip yo ass apart then I pull myself together
YMCMB, double M, we rich forever
The bigger the bullet the more that bitch gon' bang
Red on the wall, Basquiat when I paint
Red Lamborghini till I gave it to my bitch
My first home invasion, papi gave me 40 bricks
Son of a bitch, then I made a great escape
Ain't it funny mom her only son be baking cakes
Pull up in the sleigh, hop out like I’m Santa Claus
Niggas gather round, got gifts for each and all of y’all
Take it home and let it bubble that's the double up
If you get in trouble that just mean you fucking up
It’s a cold World I need a bird to cuddle up
I call the plays, motherfucker huddle up

[Hook]
I’m not a star, somebody lied, I got a chopper in the car
I got a chopper in the car, I got a chopper in the car

***

TRACK: Abortion

[Intro]
I, I see you with your palms in your pants
But me, me, oh me, I got the world in my hands
I make it spin on my finger, I'm a critical thinker
I'm a hell of a smoker, and a bit of a drinker, yeah!

[Hook]
I, I see you with your palms in your pants
But me, me, see me, I got the world in my hands
I make it spin on my finger (yeah) I'm a critical thinker (yeah)
I'm a hell of a smoker, and a bit of a drinker

[Post-Hook]
I know your name, yeah
Your name is unimportant, yeah (haha!)
We in the belly of the beast, yeah
And she thinking 'bout abortion, damn

[Verse 1]
Uhh, I woke up this morning, dick rock hard
Ashed my blunt in my Grammy Award
You can save your bullshit on your memory card
If this real nigga business, then you niggas unemployed
Jumped on the celly, called Makaveli
He say he was gravy, I say I was jelly
Looked in the mirror, said "You's an ill nigga"
Then I ran to the money like track and field nigga
Now I think I'll have me a coffee with six sugars
In a world full of ass-kissers and dick pullers
I'm tryna walk a straight line but the line crooked
I'm shooting for the stars, astronauts dodge bullets
Yeah, I bought a brand new attitude
The hate is music to my ears, I got my dancin' shoes
Sometimes we question shit that there is no answer to
But I just built a house on I Don't Give a Fuck Avenue

[Hook]
I, I see you with your palms in your pants (haha!)
But me, me, see me, I got the world in my hands
I make it spin on my finger (yeah) I'm a critical thinker (yeah)
I'm a hell of a smoker (yeah) and a bit of a drinker (hey!)

[Post-Hook]
I know your name, yeah
Your name is unimportant, yeah
We in the belly of the beast, yeah
And she thinking 'bout abortion, damn

[Verse 2]
Uhh, down on the ceiling, looking up at the bed
Life is a gamble, better check the point spread
And when life sucks, I just enjoy the head
I'm so sick of these niggas, I need meds
Uh, smoking on that hallelujah, thank you Jesus
Help me focus on the future and not the previous
Double R, I'm a rebel with a reason
Sometimes you gotta fight the devil with a demon
Blood is in the streets and it is up to my knees
Underground shit, I see myself as a seed
Living in the glass, and everybody's looking
But how can you get the picture if you don't know who took it?
This current affairs, but who the hell cares?
Everybody's fighting over positions, musical chairs
On the road to redemption, you gonna use a few spares
I'm just fucking ready so I come prepared

[Post-Hook]
Yeah I know your name (hey!) yeah
Your name is unimportant, yeah (listen mayne)
We in the belly of the beast, yeah
And she thinking 'bout abortion, damn

[Bridge]
And the rockets red glare, the bombs bursting in air
Life is a rollercoaster, but still unfair
A blessing in disguise is right before our eyes
But since it is in disguise, we don't know that it's there

[Hook]
And I, see you with your palms in your pants
But me, me, see me, I got the world in my hands
I make it spin on my finger, I'm a critical thinker
I'm a hell of a smoker, and a bit of a drinker
I know your name...
As it is, shawty

***

TRACK: So Special

[Intro: John Legend]
Oohh, ooh
So special, you're so special
So special, you're so special
Oohh, ooh
So special, you're so special
So special, you're so special

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Uh, boy shorts, wife beater
Now let me see it, I'm a sightseer
She was sleeping on me, but she's a light sleeper
I make her cum first, then I follow the leader
I talk shit, I hope it matters
We climax, without the ladder
Can't desert the future, no Nevada
Her body is a weapon, ratatat her
I spent the night in heaven, I slept with an angel
And when we finish, I swear that pussy said thank you
I said, "You're Very Welcome" I'm so well mannered
And I go down south, Louisiana

[Hook: John Legend]
Baby won't you spend the night
Darling I don't want to wake up, and you are not by my side
(So special, so special,so special, so special)
And if you promise me tonight, Yeah
Baby that you'll let me in, then I'mma make you feel so special girl
(So special, so special,so special, so special)

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Then we take a shower together, and wash each others back
And if she kick it off, I'ma run it back
And then she say my name, like I forgot it
She crazy about that dick, Lorena Bobbitt
Love be the pilot, but it's kamikaze
Yeah, body language, girl let's talk about it
Freedom of speech, Weezy a beast
Open her up like a book, read it and weep

[Hook]
Baby won't you spend the night
Darling I don't want to wake up, and you are not by my side
(So special, so special,so special, so special)
And if you promise me tonight, Yeah
Baby that you'll let me in, then I'mma make you feel so special girl
(So special, so special,so special, so special)

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, thinking bout you girl got my mind on E
You know them other niggas ain't me
Girl I got that 12 play for ya, that 12 play for ya
Just sit on my grill, that's that tailgate for ya
I, put it together, common denominator
I tear it up like loose leaf paper
I got drinks on chill, my bedroom huge
I knock her lights out, I blow her fuse
See we don't even fuck no more, we make love
And now shes on the tip of my tongue, my taste buds
Cause she my honey bee, yeah, buzz buzz
And now I'm itching and scratching, that's that love bug

[Hook]
Baby won't you spend the night
Darling I don't want to wake up, and you are not by my side
(So special, so special,so special, so special)
And if you promise me tonight, Yeah
Baby that you'll let me in, then I'mma make you feel so special girl
(So special, so special,so special, so special)

(Girl I got that 12 play for ya)
(So special girl, so special to me)

***

TRACK: How to Love

[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Cut the music up
A little louder

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
You had a lot of crooks trying to steal your heart
Never really had luck, couldn’t never figure out
How to love, how to love
You had a lot of moments that didn’t last forever
Now you in a corner trying put it together
How to love, how to love
For a second you were here, now you over there
It's hard not to stare the way you're moving your body
Like you never had a love, never had a love

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
When you was just a young’un, your looks were so precious
But now you're grown up, so fly it's like a blessing
But you can’t have a man look at you for five seconds
Without you being insecure
You never credit yourself, so when you got older
It seems like you came back ten times over
Now you’re sitting here in this damn corner
Looking through all your thoughts and looking over your shoulder

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
See you had a lot of crooks trying to steal your heart
Never really had luck, couldn’t never figure out
How to love, how to love
You had a lot of moments that didn’t last forever
Now you in a corner tryning put it together
How to love, how to love
For a second you were here, now you over there
It's hard not to stare the way you're moving your body
Like you never had a love, never had a love

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
You had a lot of dreams that transform to visions
The fact that you saw the world affected all your decisions
But it wasn’t your fault, wasn't in your intentions
To be the one here talking to me, be the one listening
But I admire your poppin' bottles and dippin'
Just as much as you admire bartending and stripping
Baby, so don’t be mad, nobody else trippin'
You see a lot of crooks and crooks still crook

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
You had a lot of crooks trying to steal your heart
Never really had luck, couldn’t never figure out
How to love, how to love
You had a lot of moments that didn’t last forever
Now you in a corner tryna put it together
How to love, how to love
For a second you were here, now you over there
It's hard not to stare the way you're moving your body
Like you never had a love, never had a love

[Bridge: Lil Wayne]
See I just want you to know that you deserve the best
You’re beautiful, you’re beautiful
Yeah, and I want you to know
You’re far from the usual, far from the usual

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
You see you had a lot of crooks trying to steal your heart
Never really had luck, couldn’t never figure out
How to love, how to love
See you had a lot of moments that didn’t last forever
Now you in this corner trying put it together
How to love, how to love
See you had a lot of crooks trying to steal your heart
Never really had luck, couldn’t never figure out
How to love, how to love
You had a lot of moments that didn’t last forever
Now you in this corner trying put it together
How to love, how to love

***

TRACK: President Carter

[Produced by Angel "Onhel" Aponte and Infamous]

[Intro]
God bless america...
- Carter, are you prepared to take the constitutional oath?
- I am...
- Will you place your left hand on the Bible and raise your right hand and repeat after me, I...

[Hook]
President Carter, Pre-President Carter
President Carter, Pre-President Carter
President Carter, Pre-President Carter
President Carter, Pre-President Carter

[Verse 1]
Sitting on the world, I got life in my hand
So these days I try to think twice when I can
Money on my mind as God as my witness
Love don't live here and it don't even visit
I do this for my Uptown politicians
Walked in the kitchen and found a pot to piss in
Niggas ain't satisfied until they mama missin'
Niggas ain't satisfied until they mama miss 'em
Uh, I'm a monster, exorcisms
Tote tools like mechanics, mechanisms
Uh, detrimental on any instrumental
I say you rappers sweet I pay the incidentals
I'm beneficial, I've been official
I say you rappers sweet, tiramisu
I like my short cake shorter
Ain't no motherfucker harder than

[Hook]
President Carter, Pre-President Carter
President Carter, Pre-President Carter
President Carter, Pre-President Carter
President Carter, Pre-President Carter

[Verse 2]
Nobody gives you a chance, you gotta take chances
Your family tree, I will break branches
Cause I don't give a fuck, I put the ass in assassin
Smoke you like a blunt then it's ashes to ashes
The future is born, put the past in the casket
If real shit is dead then nigga I'm a bastard
Uh, appetite for disaster
I want a full plate then another plate after
Uh, yesterday just died
Tomorrow never cried, the days of our lives
When shit get deep I'm never afraid to dive
Let the money pile up until I'm buried alive
Ask who the fuck want it, I bring it to your doorbell
Have niggas in ya yard like a yard sale
Smoking weed, getting head in the oval office
I changed the stars on the flag into crosses

[Interlude]
Amen, so now instead of pledge, we pray, yeah

[Hook]
President Carter, Pre-President Carter
President Carter, Pre-President Carter
President Carter, Pre-President Carter
President Carter, Pre-President Carter

[Verse 3]
Ya dead to me, brown grass nigga
I just stand still and let the ground pass nigga
Bullshit for lunch, brown bag nigga
Reality’s a bitch and I'mma dance with her
140 pounds, 5'6 from the ground
Bitch I'm in the building you ain't even in the lounge
I tried to fuck the world and couldn't even get aroused
I ain't looking for the beef but I ain't seen it in a while
Uh, and we all want world peace
Murder show, I give your ass good seats
Shit, I'm much more than a good speech

[Outro]
Gorillas in suits
The holy war, the spiritual troops
Fighting over the mythical truth
Drowning in the political soup
They shoot missiles and nukes
Taking out such a pivotal group
The body count is the physical proof
And they thought drugs were killing the youth, [chuckles]
Thank you, thank you all, I am President Carter

***

TRACK: It's Good

[Intro]
You who are rich and whose troubles are few
May come around to see my point of view
What price the crown of a king on his throne
When you’re chained in the dark all alone?

[Verse 1: Jadakiss]
I’m real as they come, I follow the rules
I’m still in the hood but I probably should move
Made enough money, I don’t fuck around
I just felt they needed me so I stuck around
Feds got my man, shit is real son
Cause my godson just became my real son
Think life is a game but all you get is a turn
You live and you learn, either you freeze or you burn
Kush in the air, I’m pushing the gears
Love turned into hate, hate turned into fear
If it ain't right, I don’t sign the deal
Shoot me in the watch, I got time to kill
Gasoline, propane
Ain't no salary cap in the dope game
Ain't no collective bargaining on cocaine
So in other words nigga, do your thing

[Verse 2: Drake]
Mind in one place heart in another
Please pardon my brother, he’s just angry at you niggas
Who dont have your heart in your rap shit and got too fuckin comfy
Cause we still fuckin hungry, Young Money, got the munchies
Faded, fuckin faded, aww yeah I'm fuckin faded
They tellin’ lies about me, aww yeah I must've made it
Rikers Island on this flow, 8 months for that pistol
But at least they had some bad bitches workin’ in that shit hole
Three visits later, I went and did it major
So fuck the judge, and the jury, and the litigator
Watchin all these kids who thought they had it figured out
And then November came, they let my nigga out

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Stop playin, I ain't with that bullshit
Niggas act like bitches, shanaynay, oh my goodness
This is Wayne’s world, and y’all are just some tourists
Give me three wishes, I wish, I wish, I wish, you would bitch
Brand new pussy, pussy good as baby powder
Two Glock 40′s, nigga you got 80 problems
Swimmin’ in the money, I'mma need some fuckin goggles
It's better to give, but we don't give a fuck about 'em
I just came home, shit done got real, ho
Lil Weezy-ana, the boot nigga, steel toe
I ain't workin with a full deck but I deal ho
I just touched down, kick the motherfucking field goal
Talkin ’bout baby money? I got your baby money
Kidnap your bitch, get that "how-much-you-love-your-lady" money
I know you fake nigga, press your brakes nigga
I’ll take you out, that’s a date nigga
I'm a grown ass blood, stop playin with me
Play asshole and get an ass whippin’
I think you pussy cat, ha, hello kitty
I just throw the alley-oop to Drake Griffin
I lay 'em down, tempur-pedic
This shits a game of chess, you niggas think it's cleavage
Its Young Money, yeah, tis the season
I give you the business, bitch this a business meeting
My niggas hungry, my bitches greedy
Will I die a bloody murder? Dear Mr. Ouija
Nigga, I'm straight, my girl a faggot
Potato on the barrel, pop pop potato salad

***

TRACK: Outro

[Produced by Willy Will]

[Verse 1: Bun B]
Yeah, when I step in the spot, motherfuckers say "who that?"
Big Bun Beeda but you already knew that
Live from the state where they chop it and screw that
You hatin' on the trill OG, where they do that? (for real!)
Motherfuckers need to get off the dick, man
Fall the fuck back like a bike with no kickstand
Get out my mix, man, just gon' get you stuck
Deeper in the quicksand with no easy fix, man (damn)
No tricks, man, those is for kids
Kush in my cigar and hoes in the crib
Drank and the 20 ounce froze in the fridge
You fuckin' with P.A. so you know what it is
I'm sittin on the fours that clack
Comin' down candy in the golden 'Lac
We gettin' to the money like it's Goldman Sachs
Said we do it for the Pimp so no holding back, let's go!

[Verse 2: Nas]
Look who crept in, crept-crept in
Look-look who crept in, look-look who
L-l-l-look who crept in with automatic weapons
Reppin' QB 'til the death of him
That nigga that inspired lyrical tyrants
Like Kanye West and Em
Track record, goes back to the Essence
Smack adolescents who ask who the best is
I'm nasty like gas from a fat man's intestines
I pass it, you gaspin' for breath and you die fast
Gut 'em like a gastric bypass
But ya Nas advocates actors seem
To get typecast in the same role
Since 16 I ain't grow a day old yet my brain grow
Cocaine white Range Rov'
Tats on my body like an art exhibit
I did real good for a project nigga
Was once a Bacardi sipper
Now it's Chandon, fat blunts in the car with strippers
Guns in compartments hidden
I was real young, little youth, a novice nigga
Blessings, bowed down, respected
Chowed down, now my food's digested
Pow pow, with my shooters are Techs
That'll bust louder than the noise that I just spit
Let's get one thing straight
That my crown ain't for testin', testin'
Chop heads off like King Henry VIII
Guillotine to ya neck bitch
I'm a king in this thing, don't be dumb
Been in this shit since '91
Niggas can't fuck with the style I use
Your fate is sealed, no Heidi Klum
Calm now, was a wylin' dude
Studied taoism and made power moves
Watched "Wild Planet", seen lions devour food
You can say that's how I move
A monster nigga, and I don't really like doing songs with niggas
There go my nigga Wayne
Let them niggas hate, or like my nigga Drake say
"We ain't got time to respond to niggas"

[Verse 3: Shyne]
I'm a villain, I'm a villain, all that happens in the street
Poverty and desperation made me everything I be
I'm a shotta when I pop up with them poppers, burn ya block up
Call the judges, call the coppers, we takin' over Gotham
Word to Poppa, Blood, Bl-Blood gang, five
It’s that Blood gang five but green is the bottom line
I run this town, I ain't gon' lie, they run they mouth, they ain't gon' fire
They actin' like they ain’t gon' die, until I let them 'llamas fly
Flatbush to Bed Do-or-Die, from Watts to Larry Hoover Chi
Poverty and heroine, it’s no place for a juvenile
Put greed in our heart, it’s the green that we want
Cash Money is the company and Weezy the boss!

[Verse 4: Busta Rhymes]
They say I’m underrated, but un-compete-with-able
Understandable, being that my rating levels are unreachable
Anything said other than that should be silenced, unspeakable!
And the thought of you being nicer than me, unfeasible!
They ask is what I do ever gonna stop, this shit will never end
That’s when you hear a car crash in the vocal booth
Got 'em sayin' "There he goes again!"
See now they nominated a nigga to come
And flatten everything now let me dominate it, nigga run
And they be knowin' that I be blackin' on everything
And make it complicated like a nigga constipated with a gun
I gotta make it what they want and wake ‘em when I come
And shake 'em and bake 'em and take 'em to another place
Ain’t no fakin’, ain’t no kind of mistakin' how I be breakin' up
Everything and be creating a s-s-s-situation when I'm done (damn!)
You see I spit National Treasure, discography rich
And I done killed more cats than curiosity, snitch!
Most of you niggas sorry and owe apologies, quick
What the fuck you niggas still hangin' around here for, you apostrophe bitch?
Okay, now enough of that, see now I’m out the door
Tunechi, thanks for giving us a whole 'nother classic with "Tha Carter IV"

---

WORK: I Am Not a Human Being II

***

TRACK: IANAHB

[Produced by Elew]

[Verse]
I'm in the crib butt naked, bitch
She said my dick could be the next black president
Americans hate that I'm American
Medicine, I treat it like peppermints
Uh, I'm in the ocean getting shark pussy
Shoot you in your fucking mouth and make you talk to me
Sometimes, I need someone to talk to
'Cause I am not a human being, Part II
Getting paid, show money for walkthroughs
Letting all these hoes ride my dick, carpool
My bars passed the bar exam, no law school
Cash Money Army, veteran with my war wounds
Uh, whatcha man doing?
I pop his muthafucking top like a canned good
And all my niggas that I roll with are hella armed
And last night, I took a transformer
And had a dream that my dick turned to Megatron
But my girl was sleeping with Decepticons
Money talks, man and mine talks lecture-long
P-U-S-S-Y, my second home
I be grinding on them hoes like a half pipe
She say, "Tunechi, you the shit, you need your ass wiped"
I say, "Before you gas me up, check the gas price"
Then I make her take this dick, like advice
She seesaw it, she suck it and enjoy it
I stick it in her ass like some fucking steroids
Jose Canseco, make no mistake
Like a white boy wearing black paint, you're a fake ass nigga
Brake pads, nigga, wait, you ain't in my weight class, nigga
Looking for the mutherfucking man in the mirror
Running this shit like a faucet, Farrah
Barra-cuda, who the fuck you-uh?
I can make your bitch root for me like I grew her
Bodies in the sewer, tampons in manure
90 billion bitches on my stick like a skewer
That's swag, I'm a true Blood, bitch, no fangs
Been went pro, now I'm going propane
Bitch get off me, bitch get off me
I got her over here blowing me like coffee
Decaffeinated, hand me that paper like I graduated
And I get head while it's decapitated
Think it's a game? Nigga, come play
I'm with my killer B's, fuck bug spray
Yeah, Young Money so gangsta
I personally know strangers
It's so strange, but this girl named Dana like to go anal
Shoot him in his head, what's that? A no-brainer
Plain old nigga, but a break from the norm
I wear my heart on my sleeve, so don't be breaking my arm
I rather ring ya fucking neck before I ring the alarm
I dream to meet a serial killer that'll bring me along with him
I gotta hit 'em like redbones with long hair
Fuck with me, your ass is grass, get a lawn chair
I was fucking before my dick started growing hair
Bitches sweating me like John Mayer, or warm air
Man, nuts and bananas
You know how the tables turn, where are your table manners?
If you fake, put a egg in your shoe and scramble
No rubber, I just fucked this piano
Nigga

***

TRACK: Curtains

[Intro: Lil Wayne]
I ain't nervous
I swear to God I ain't nervous, nah, nah
And I'm laughing at them pussy niggas
And that pussy shit they doin'
I'm getting cake like I'm Jewish
My nigga Drake he Jewish
I swear to god I ain't nervous, nah, hahah
Okay I swear to God I ain't nervous
I swear to God I ain't nervous
I say, I swear to God I ain't nervous
I got her workin, twerkin and slurping my serpent
Ain't got no problems in this bitch, for certain
I see you turnin up but your turn up ain't workin
Just want some mouth and lip service
And I got all my niggas in that truck like an Excursion

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Okay I'm straight at you, no ricochet
That pussy boneless, that's Chick-fil-a
I fuck with real riders and they tickets paid
For them dead presidents, we will start digging graves
I swear my momma trust my work
So I give these hoes that work
They say the best things in life are free
That's why it cost for you to get murked
And my pants sagging like fuck it - I'm still on my business
Spent my birthday in jail, I was making bad decisions
Saw my enemy at the light, shot him up before it turned green
Mane my niggas got them birds, you ain't even got bird seeds
Your bitch ride me like a go kart, I play that pussy like Mozart
I Mozart these hoes hearts then after that they worthless

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
Man, I swear to God I ain't nervous, uh-uh
I said I swear to God I ain't nervous
I don't know, I swear to God I ain't nervous
And that pussy don't get purchased, ho
Ain't got no problems in this bitch for certain
I see you turnin up but your turn up ain't working
I like em long haired and curvy
And if niggas think it's a game
I'll leave they brains on their jerseys

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
She say she love me, that's the molly talking
She about to blow me, like a signing bonus
She got a nigga but he ain't me bitch
I'm the original gangster, he the remix
Girl, do you use that same mouth to kiss yo momma?
I say, only God can judge me, fuck your honor
And her birthday suit is her pajamas
She say, I didn't know your dick was a recliner
I'll punch your man in his eye, give him a shiner
I'll blind him, him and whoever cosign him
I get Adam like Yolonda
Young Money Cash Money, Obama
It's fuck the world, no condom
If he twisted, I'll unwind him
And this pistol came with a silence

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
But I swear to God he heard it, yeah
And I swear to God I ain't nervous, nah
I swear to God I ain't nervous, uh-uh
Bitch I'm the God, I should be rapping in a turban
Ain't got no problems in this bitch and that's for certain
I see you turning up but your turn up ain't working
Baby, I just want some mouth and lip service
She gone ride this dick like the Kentucky Derby

[Verse 3: Boo]
On that Pat-ron, I'm swerving, game tight like virgins
I got a bad bitch, she Persian, call her AK when she's squirting
You see the niggas I'm with, that boy Boo the shit
As long as I got a face, yo bitch got a place to sit
Yea, I'm wilding off them shroomies
Ain't got no worries like Tunechi
All my chicks be bougie
Wanna hold hands then watch movies
I be goddamned, make a nigga lose it
Ain't no talking- lets get to it
Real niggas winning, fake niggas losing
Bitch I'll leave that pussy with bruises

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
Girl, I swear to God I ain't nervous, uh-uh
I swear to God I ain't nervous
No, you know I swear to God I ain't nervous
I got her workin, twerkin and slurping, my serpent
Ain't got no problems in this bitch and that's for certain
You fuck with Tunechi, you'll end up a missing person
She got Lil Tunechi on her booty, in cursive
I'm getting head behind the Maybach curtains
Ya

***

TRACK: Days And Days

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Money ain't shit, bitches ain't neither
You know I'm on that grass, don't cut on the sprinklers
Pussy on my mind, on my breath and on my fingers
Niggas try to bite my style, but my style a jalapeño
I got skinny ass jeans, trucks on the pocket
Money talks, nigga, I'm caught up in that gossip
You know all my bitches badder, and all my swishas fatter
I milk this shit like cattle, that's my word like Scrabble
And yo main girl is a ho, I go Wayne's World in her throat
She swallow so many nuts, you fuck around, find a squirrel in her throat
I go tape worm in that ho, let my snake squirm in that ho
Nigga we take turns in that ho, these niggas so green they glow
I am the best thing since wet pussy, on my private jet with my chef cookin'
So big headed my neck crooked, my niggas foul when the ref's lookin'
My big bro is Mack Maine, so much weed I got grass stains
Deez nuts, that's baggage claim, I'm on them trees like Candy Canes
Lil Tunechi

[Verse 2: 2 Chainz]
I might book me for a show
Charge my ass the low and pick up the whole dough
That's hustlenomics, I was high in my class pictures
I like math, all I did was add bitches
Swagga galore, got your girl on all fours
It's not doggystyle, I call it froggystyle
You dog her out, I tell her, hop in
2 Chainz, my first chain had a twin
Gas in my blunt, watching ESPN
And, if that pussy good I wanna see her again
Yeah, I'm from College Park and I got ya broad with me
Salt water pool, I can put a shark in it
Everything authentic, plus I named my pistols
Last name "Fuck," first name "I Don't Give A"
Pockets look pregnant, they 'bout to deliver
So when I start pimpin', you know the procedure

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
All my niggas gangstas, all my bitches freaks
I tickle her pussy, got that pussy tickle pink
I'm the heart of the streets, and I just skipped a beat
And if that pussy sweet, I want that candy, trick or treat
I got diamonds in my teeth, so all my words are precious
I'm so fuckin' hot I sssssss....I'ma need some more S's
Man I'm on some other shit, I want another bitch
That want another bitch, and I don't cuddle bitch
I hit her with that shovel dick, I got in that pussy and dug a ditch
Some people gotta punch the clock, man I rather punch a brick
Cuz I'm that nigga, and I'm so cold I just shivered
These niggas think they hard, these niggas just nipples
I pop a nigga like a 'sicle, drop a nigga like a missle
Mo' money mo' issues, I size you up then fit you
Tunechi

***

TRACK: Gunwalk

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
(Yeah ho!) I'm strapped up, nigga, fuck a gun law
(Yeah ho!) See me walking with a limp, that's my gun walk
(Yeah ho!) I don't do no arguin', I let the gun talk
(Yeah ho!) Yeah, I'm strapped up, nigga, fuck a gun law
(Yeah ho!) See me walking with a limp, that's my gun walk
(Yeah ho!) I don't do no arguin', I let the gun talk
(Yeah ho!) And there's no talking back when my gun talk

[Post-Hook: Lil Wayne]
See me walking with a limp, that's my gun walk
That's my gun walk, nigga, that's my gun walk
Yeah, see me walking with a limp, that's my gun walk
That's my gun walk, nigga, that's my gun walk

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Uh, fuck that nigga, ho-ass nigga
Leave that nigga with a toe tag, nigga
Barrel so long you can pole dance, nigga
Run up in ya house, where the dope at, nigga?
Murder she wrote on a notepad, nigga
Light that nigga up, smoke that nigga
Stomp that nigga, roast that nigga
I walk around with this shotgun
And this bitch bigger than me, nigga
Don't open up your fuckin' mouth
Cause I'll pull the trigger like teeth, nigga
Shoot 'em up then leave, nigga, I smell Summer's Eve, nigga
We shoot first, it's better to give than receive, nigga

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
I'm strapped up, nigga, fuck a gun law
See me walking with a limp, that's my gun walk
I don't do no arguin', I let the gun talk
Yeah, I'm strapped up, nigga, fuck a gun law
See me walking with a limp, that's my gun walk
I don't do no arguin', I let the gun talk
And there's no talkin' back, when my gun talk

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Keep that ho shit over there (yeah ho!)
And we don't shoot in the air
I can't fuck with these niggas, man these niggas gummy bears
Hair trigger on the gun, I pull that motherfucker's hair
It's like, man, you can't trust nobody
I don't even have a trust fund
Don't buck, nigga, don't stunt, nigga
Don't duck, nigga, cause I duck hunt
Bitch, rock with me, that Glock with me
That chopper with me, obviously
I'mma empty this motherfucker
That's fifty shots, approximately
Now fuck with me, get fucked over
Emergency room, rushed over
Hollow tips, in the clip
My gun loaded, yours sober
I pull your card like a lawn mower
Fall back or I'm goin' forward
I see you got your gun drawn
I'll send you back to the drawin' board
Lil Tunechi

[Post-Hook: Lil Wayne]
See me walking with a limp, that's my gun walk
That's my gun walk, nigga, that's my gun walk
See me walking with a limp, that's my gun walk
You don't talk back, when I cock back
That's my gun walk, nigga, that's my gun walk
Yeah!

[Verse 3: Gudda Gudda]
Walking 'round this motherfucker limpin'
Cause the nose on the pistol 'bout as long as Scottie Pippen's
On the molly and I'm twisted, throw your body with the fishes
Double back around that corner and I'm bodyin' the witness
Uh, real niggas don't talk much, do drive-by's and walk-up's
Lame rappers that talk tough get a broke jaw, star-struck
I don't fuck with lame niggas, I got good aim, nigga
Pop a pill, pop you, my nickname is Pain Killer
I'm still that same nigga, Eastside, I rep that
Pussy niggas better get right or where I see you, you get left at
Use the rifle as my crutch, that's my gun walk
Or we can hold a conversation, let the guns talk
Gudda

[Bridge: Juicy J & Lil Wayne]
I'm strapped up, nigga, fuck a gun law
See me walking with a limp, that's my gun walk
I don't do no arguin', I let the gun talk
And it's no talkin' back when it go off
You speechless, you speechless
I'm strapped up, nigga, fuck a gun law
You speechless, you speechless
See me walking with a limp, that's my gun walk
You speechless, you speechless
I don't do no arguin', I let the gun talk
You speechless, you speechless - when I cock back

[Post-Hook: Lil Wayne]
See me walking with a limp, that's my gun walk
That's my gun walk, nigga, that's my gun walk
See me walking with a limp, that's my gun walk
That's my gun walk, nigga, that's my gun walk

***

TRACK: No Worries

[Hook: Detail]
You can look me in my face
(I ain't got no worries)
(I ain't got no worries)
(I ain't got no worries)
See the sh-rooms keep me up
(I ain't got no worries)
(I ain't got no worries)
(I ain't got no worries)
You see money right there, yeah that's Tunechi right there (turn up)
Yeah that's Mack Maine right there, and we ain't got no worries
You see pussy right there redbone mangos right there
See them sh-roomies right there we ain't got no worries

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Tunechi in this bitch, e'rybody should be worried
Them pussy niggas be purring, bitches be diggin' me I feel buried
And if she make this dick hard, she woke up a sleeping giant
Man your bitch speak in tongues every time we speak in private
Hope your barber shop open cause we got hair triggers
Smoke so much that Smokey the Bear’ll have to bear with us
And that Jeep with the doors off that means that bitch sleep
All these bitches think they’re the shit, I’ll send them up shit’s creek
You see Tunechi right here, give me brain ideas
It's ok if you turn up just don't turn off my light years
All I know is I do it what I'm smoking I grew it
B’s up, Blood Gang; Piru it, and all rats gotta die even Stuart
On my private jet and my stewardess is your bitch nigga, bitch Nigga
I know gold-diggers and ditch-diggers
You don't get dissed, you get disfigured
She say sorry I didn't shave so that pussy a little furry
I put that pussy in my face: I ain't got no worries
Tunechi

[Hook: Detail]
You can look me in my face
(I ain't got no worries)
(I ain't got no worries)
(I ain't got no worries)
See the sh-rooms keep me up
(I ain't got no worries)
(I ain't got no worries)
(I ain't got no worries)
You see money right there, yeah that's Tunechi right there (turn up)
Yeah that's Mack Maine right there, and we ain't got no worries
You see pussy right there redbone mangos right there
See them sh-roomies right there we ain't got no worries

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
We ain't got no worries
She bad as a hooker, so she ain't got no worries
She want me to eat her sugar, I say "Why you in a hurry?"
She say "Why you asking questions?" I say "Bitch you trynna be funny!"
Now take your fucking clothes off, let me see that Donkey Kong
I swing your ass back and forth, back and forth on my monkey bar
That camel toe that camel toe, no worries no panty-hose
These niggas falling off like baggy clothes, I smoke more than a magic show
I swear I saw my ho, I swear she was with my ho
You know I fuck them both, sore pussy and sore throat
Bitch it's Tunechi and I'm out chea, no worries no worries
I would talk about my dick, but man that shit be a long story
YEAHHH, OHH SHIT, I'M UP, YEAHH, YOUNG MULA BABY!

[Hook: Detail]
You can look me in my face
(I ain't got no worries)
(I ain't got no worries)
(I ain't got no worries)
See the sh-rooms keep me up
(I ain't got no worries)
(I ain't got no worries)
(I ain't got no worries)
You see money right there, yeah that's Tunechi right there (turn up)
Yeah that's Mack Maine right there, and we ain't got no worries
You see pussy right there redbone mangos right there
See them sh-roomies right there

***

TRACK: Back To You

[Hook]
Now, I know the only compass that I need
Is the one that leads back to you
Now, I know the only compass that I need
Is the one that leads back to you

[Verse 1]
She had cat eyes, nine lives, no tan lines, thigh highs
She ride me like a drive by, I'm real these niggas Sci-Fi
But that's neither here nor there, she been contemplatin short hair
She said she tryna be different but she just like the rest of these bitches
But that's neither here nor there, and my dick is her chair
It be sexual warfare, I be loaded like software
Got so many hoes I'm hoeing, but she the only one worth knowing
And yeah, I do my dirt, but that's for the flowers to grow in
I ain't tripping, but she be tripping
They ain't got shit on me, but she keep sniffing
Look, girl, just gimme that brain, and I'll return the favor
Them hoes say I'ma dog, but how come I don't chase 'em?
I lick her with no chaser, I pick her out a line up
I just wanted some time, she say, "Okay I'm your honor"
But she been wanting to break up since Dolce and Gabbana
All that ass I just be like, "Come sit your groceries on my counter"
I drink tea, she drink wine, call it Tijuana
I dying to meet her girl, but she want me to meet her momma
Swear I may go Issey Miyake, Bond no. 9
The weed is funky, but I'm smelling fine, Tunechi!

[Hook]
Now, I know the only compass that I need
Is the one that leads back to you
Now, I know the only compass that I need
Is the one that leads back to you

[Verse 2]
I got that shit in my system
Somebody gonna be my victim
Eh, so where you at with it?
'Cause I can't do it by myself, I need a ass-sistant
I got that good-good, that get right
That early morning, that midnight
I beat it up like a fist fight, one, two, three, four, five, 6-9
That dick all in your windpipe, some of her friends I dislike
Some of your friends, they alright, sometimes I think y'all all dykes
But fuck all that, I'm on one, don't wanna be with the wrong one
That cold head, that warm tongue, my third leg run marathons
I feel you like I'm blind, girl, can't you see? It's meant to be
So come to me, then come for me, my game cold, one degree
I'm rolling with two bad bitches 'cause misery loves company
One sweet, one sour, my honeybee and my bumblebee
I miss you in the worst way, ride that dick no speed bumps
No red lights, no stop signs, just get to Lil Tunechi

[Hook]
"Now, I know the only compass that I need
Is the one that leads back to you
Now, I know the only compass that I need
Is the one that leads back to you"

[Bridge]
Should I call somebody else?
'Cause, girl, it's almost twelve and this dick won't suck itself
Girl, you know it need some help, it'd make a nigga's day
If you said you on your way, eh, eh
Should I call somebody else?
Cuz girl it's almost twelve, and this dick won't suck itself
Girl you know it need some help, it make a nigga's day
I just hope you know the way
And she said

[Hook]
"Now, I know the only compass that I need
Is the one that leads back to you
Now, I know the only compass that I need
Is the one that leads back to you"

[Outro]
You need to get to me baby
But you already got to me

***

TRACK: Trigger Finger

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
I ain't lookin' back, nigga
I'm a douchebag to these pussy ass niggas
Hammer in my drawers but I nail your bitch
Blunts like fingers, I'm bout to make a fist
Everybody die, gon' bury me alive
Grab life by the horns, put the bullshit aside
Glock clip full like the moon in the sky
I'm at the gas station adding fuel to the fire
Life ain't shit but bitches and money
I pass that weed, like I studied
Bury me in fire and watch me phoenix
Highway to Heaven, I'm taking the scenic
You tied to the track of my train of thoughts
And controlling my thoughts is like taming sharks
And these hoes wanna kick it with me, I'm a sensei
And I got fat pockets, you niggas in shape
Tools on deck, tattoos on necks
Life is a bitch, I'll make her your ex
Better turn to God 'fore I turn to Godzilla
How the fuck you gon' talk shit to diarrhea
Motherfucker it's on, I'm just rubbing 'em wrong
Put a bug in my ear, but not in my phone
I'll have a broke motherfucker run in your home
For a crumb and a bone
And put —

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
One in ya dome
One in ya dome, one in ya dome
One in ya dome, one in ya dome
One in ya dome, one in ya dome
One in ya dome, one in ya dome
Empty stomach, full clip
I'm gon' get it, gon' get it
Empty stomach, full clip
I'm gon' get it, gon' get it
My trigger finger itchin', my trigger finger itchin'
My trigger finger itchin', my trigger finger itchin'
My trigger finger itching, nigga

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
I don't like to dream about gettin' paid
You ain't gon hurt nobody like Kid 'n Play
Ain't nothin' sweet but the codeine, nigga
Eyes hella red like chlorine in 'em
I was gettin' that pussy, I was gettin' that money
Long hair, don't care, Hacksaw Jim Duggan
Too high to take a breath, too high to take a step
Two rights don't make a wrong, three rights make a left
The cops on my dick, the feds on my nerves
I walk it like I talk it, got legs on my words
If she don't suck dick I don't give her that dick
Got the world in my hands, I'mma dribble that bitch
Money is the issue, full court pressure
I like my blunt Nutty Professor
I'm a straight rider with a getaway driver
Hit you dead on the money, now you dead on arrival
I don't fuck with these niggas, too old for new friends
But never too rich for new money
These niggas buying Haterade by the twelve pack
Like two stomachs
I'm laced up like two shoes, Miss Goody
Keep that ratchet, nigga
Trigger finger itchin', I'll scratch it, nigga
Blow your fuckin' brains out in traffic, nigga
Got green, New Orleans, St. Patrick, nigga
One bitch on the whip, one on the phone
The one on the phone is in front of your home
She 'bout to run in your home and put —

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
One in ya dome, one in ya dome
One in ya dome, one in ya dome
One in ya dome, one in ya dome
One in ya dome, one in ya dome
Empty stomach, full clip
I'm gon' get it, gon' get it
Empty stomach, full clip
I'm gon' get it, gon' get it
My trigger finger itchin', my trigger finger itchin'
My trigger finger itchin', my trigger finger itchin'
My trigger finger itchin'
Nigga

[Verse 3: Soulja Boy]
Rest In Peace to the game 'cause I'm fresh to death
Rest In Peace to the game, tell 'em kill theyself
Make your deathwish, 'cause I'm too fresh
Cause I'm fresh to death, 'cause I'm fresh to death
You go broke tryna get fresh like this
Rest In Peace to the game 'cause I killed it
I'm fresh to death, I'm fresh to death
What you talkin', I came out a coffin
Yeah

[Verse 4: Lil Wayne]
I just can't see myself
Living in a house of mirrors
I bought me a double-R
'Cause I went from rags to riches
And these niggas nag like bitches
Actin' like little fags like Richard
And all of my bitches be bad as vision
You got a problem
I can fix it like a mathematician
I am-munition
Call me ammo for short
Trukfit shirt, camo the shorts
Your girl is a freak, your man is a narc
With your son in your arms
I'll put —
One in your dome
Tunechi

***

TRACK: Beat The Shit

[Hook]
Fuck with me wrong, take me out my zone
And I'll knock the motherfuckin' snow off your cone, my nigga
Man, it stink in this bitch
It must be them pussy-ass niggas talkin' shit
So beat the shit out of that pussy-ass nigga
Beat the shit out of that pussy-ass nigga
Bitch-ass, ho-ass, pussy ass-nigga
I beat the shit out of that pussy-ass nigga
We beat the shit out of that pussy-ass nigga
We shit out that pussy-ass nigga
Beat the shit out of that pussy ass-nigga

[Verse 1: Gunplay]
BRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!
I’m a knuckle-throwin' knucklehead, what that motherfucker said?
Bring that ruckus up in here, throwin' bottles, chuckin' chairs
Got the pretty models duckin', breakin' heels and chippin' nails
Turn around and go right back to breakin' down my cigarillo
Climbin' up with Suga Hill, slidin' down in somethin' new
Spilling Gin and jungle juice, and I got that lumber too
And I brought a fuckin' zoo, tear this shit up and chuck a deuce
This triple C, they Triple L, lames love to lose
A hundred million in my horoscope, 'bout to show you a horror show
Boot you fuckin' head off your collar bone
Them niggas 'cidal bums flinchin' at the sight of arms
Pussy niggas ain't eatin', but we fry the farm
Beat a nigga down 'til he left without a vital sign

[Hook]
Fuck with me wrong, take me out my zone
And I'll knock the motherfuckin' snow off your cone, my nigga
Man, it stink in this bitch
It must be them pussy-ass niggas talkin' shit
So beat the shit out of that pussy-ass nigga
Beat the shit out of that pussy-ass nigga
Bitch-ass, ho-ass, pussy ass-nigga
I beat the shit out of that pussy-ass nigga
We beat the shit out of that pussy-ass nigga
We shit out that pussy-ass nigga
Beat the shit out of that pussy ass-nigga

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
I run off in your fuckin' shit, damn, now I got shit stains
All these fuckin' tattoos, and I ain't got one bitch name
Got a pocket full of ass-whoopings, I'm givin' 'em out like nicknames
What's up with your fist game? You'll catch a hook, fish hang
Watch me cock the Nina, call that rough sex
Knock your head off, you just a rough neck
And if I'm shootin' at ya, nigga, all net
Ain't no world peace, just Ron Artest
Dick-in-a-booty-ass nigga
Die-quick-in-a-movie-ass nigga
Extra-fruit-in-the-smoothie-ass nigga
Get beat like a drum, music class, nigga, BRRRRR
Life is a gamble, dyin' is your best bet
Got a scope on the pistol, give your ass fresh breath
Give my fist a kiss, nigga

[Hook]
Fuck with me wrong, take me out my zone
And I'll knock the motherfuckin' snow off your cone, my nigga
Man, it stink in this bitch
It must be them pussy-ass niggas talkin' shit
So beat the shit out of that pussy-ass nigga
Beat the shit out of that pussy-ass nigga
Bitch-ass, ho-ass, pussy ass-nigga
I beat the shit out of that pussy-ass nigga
We beat the shit out of that pussy-ass nigga
We shit out that pussy-ass nigga
Beat the shit out of that pussy ass-nigga

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
What's really good, nigga? I'm feelin' good, nigga
Rest in peace lil' Wesley Wes
A pussy-ass nigga always kill a good nigga
I'm high as Heaven, I'll pop the reverend and stop the wedding
Got more money than memories in the bank, don't forget it
Clean em up my team is up, I'm high as Scotty, beam me up
They say we all gotta pay the price, fuck it, man, ring me up
Fuckin' right I skate, ho, pussy is my scapegoat
And all these pussy-ass niggas that's hatin', kiss my ass, besos
I'm a genius, take notes, I'll split your egg to the egg yolk
I'll be dead before I be dead broke
Still burn money, my bread toast
Fuck it, if you got it, spend it, nigga
But just keep your two pennies, nigga
Start shit and I'll end it, nigga
Don't open your mouth, I'm a dentist, nigga
Lil' Tunechi... give my fist a kiss, nigga... (SO!)

[Hook]
So beat the shit out of that pussy-ass nigga
Beat the shit out of that pussy-ass nigga
Bitch-ass, ho-ass, pussy ass-nigga
I beat the shit out of that pussy-ass nigga
We beat the shit out of that pussy-ass nigga
We shit out that pussy-ass nigga
Beat the shit out of that pussy ass-nigga

[Outro]
Fuck with me wrong, take me out my zone
I'll bring it to your chest, make you king me like Kong, my nigga
What you drink in this bitch?
I'll give you a whole bottle of it to your face, nigga

***

TRACK: Rich As Fuck

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Uh, AK on my nightstand, right next to that Bible
But I swear with these fifty shots, I'll shoot it out with 5-0
Pockets gettin' too fat, no Weight Watchers, no lipo
Money talks, bullshit walks on a motherfucking tightrope
And I make that pussy tap out, I knock that pussy out cold
Nigga you get beat the crap out, but that's just how the dice roll
These hoes want that hose pipe, so I give all these hoes pipe
She get on that dick and stay on, all night, like porch lights
Let's do it, fuck talkin', we out here, we ballin'
And I'm spraying at these rusty niggas like WD-40
We fucked up, we Truk'd up; no if, ands, or butt-fucks
Bitch niggas go behind ya back like nunchucks and that's fucked up
But my hoes down, my cups up, my niggas down for whatever
These bitches think they're too fly, well, tell them hoes I pluck feathers
I'm Tunechi, Young Tunechi, I wear Trukfit, fuck Gucci
She's blowing kisses at me with her pussy lips, smooches
And that's 2 Chainz

[Hook: 2 Chainz & Lil Wayne]
Look at you, now look at us...
All my niggas look rich as fuck
All my niggas live rich as fuck
All my niggas look rich as fuck!
Look at you, now look at us...
All my niggas look rich as fuck
All my niggas live rich as fuck
All my niggas look rich as fuck!

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Never talk to the cops, I don't speak Pig Latin
I turnt a penny to a motherfuckin Janet Jackson
Tell the bitches that be hatin' I ain't got no worries
I just want to hit and run like I ain't got insurance
Ho, what's your name? What's your sign? Zodiac Killer
All rats gotta die, even Master Splinter, yeah, murder, 187
I be killing them bitches, I hope all dogs go to heaven
And I got Xanax, Percocet, Promethazine with Codeine
Call me Mr. Sandman, I'm sellin' all these hoes dreams
Got a white girl with big titties, flat-ass TV screen
I keep a bad bitch, call me the B.B. King
And you know I got that mouth out her
Then put that bitch out like a house fire
I'm killing these hoes like Michael Myers
I eat that cat just like a lion
And I can't trust none of these niggas
Can't trust none of these hoes
And I see your girl when I want, I got that ho TiVo'd
Got a red-ass bitch with a red-ass pussy
Nigga try me, that's a dead-ass pussy
Since y'all motherfuckers so blind to the fact
To tell you the truth, I don't care who's lookin'
All I know is I love my bitch and pussy feel just like heaven on earth
Six feet deep, dick shovelin' the dirt, R.I.P. — Rest In Pussy
Light that shit, then pass that shit, we gon get so smoked out
And then I went got locked up, every night I dreamt I broke out
One time for them pussy niggas, that's that shit I don't like
We eatin' over here nigga, fuck around and have a food fight
And that's 2 Chainz

[Hook: 2 Chainz & Lil Wayne]
Look at you, now look at us...
All my niggas look rich as fuck
All my niggas live rich as fuck
All my niggas look rich as fuck!
Look at you, now look at us...
All my niggas look rich as fuck
All my niggas live rich as fuck
All my niggas look rich as fuck!

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
And your nigga a ho

***

TRACK: Trippy

[Intro: Juicy J]
We trippy man

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Uh, blue skies, blue skies
I see you with my red eyes
Bust your fucking grape, nigga
Turn your shit to red wine
Don't fuck up my high, nigga
I'm too gone, bye nigga
She get dick, weed, and ignored
Thats a D.W.I. nigga
My skin crawlin', my walls talkin'
The pictures in here lookin' at me
The ground movin', I'm seeing shit
I'm blowing like I'm stuck in traffic
I'm smoking on that strong
Got me coughin' like I'm getting buried
I've been fucking Mary-Jane
I knew her when she was just Virgin Mary
I'm stoned, Mick Jagger
I can run around Saturn
Eyes rolling back
And keep blinking like hazards
I said king me, king me
With my mushroom crown on
I graduated to better drugs
My cap and gown on
Don't knock me off my high horse
What I do is my choice
I'm high as the scoreboard
Bitch, look up at my points
I'm trippin' out, cotton mouth
I got high and fell asleep loaded
I woke up and got high again
OK, I'm reloaded

[Hook: Juicy J]
Weed, pills, and that drank
That's my trippy kit, yea
That's my trippy kit, yea
That's my trippy kit, yea
Weed, pills, and that drank
That's my trippy kit, yea
That's my trippy kit, yea
That's my trippy kit, yea
Weed, pills, and that drank
That's my trippy kit, yea
That's my trippy kit, yea
That's my trippy kit, yea
Weed, pills, and that drank
That's my trippy kit, yea
That's my trippy kit, yea

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Shoutout to my weed man
Shoutout to my lean man
Pussy ass nigga wanna spark something
I'm a gasoline can
I'm high nigga, don't blow it
I trust it far as I could throw it
I don't know if I'm coming or going
T, make my blunt a Samoan
And I see lights flashing, life passing
Take a bitch home, fuck like rabbits
Styrofoam cups and wine glasses
Shot glasses
Hot flashes
My tongue's numb, I can't talk
No balance, my spine hurts
My mind surf, my eye jerks
I try different drugs, I'm diverse
Goodbye Earth, farewell
High as Heaven, eyes low as Hell
Keep scratching, keep biting my nails
Keep lighting a L, I'm a kite in the air
I like weed brownies and cookies
I'm straight but seeing crooked
I got my trippy kit
I hope I trip and fall in some pussy
Tunechi

[Hook: Juicy J]
Weed, pills, and that drank
That's my trippy kit, yea
That's my trippy kit, yea
That's my trippy kit, yea
Weed, pills, and that drank
That's my trippy kit, yea
That's my trippy kit, yea
That's my trippy kit, yea
Weed, pills, and that drank
That's my trippy kit, yea
That's my trippy kit, yea
That's my trippy kit, yea
Weed, pills, and that drank
That's my trippy kit, yea
That's my trippy kit, yea

[Verse 3: Juicy J]
Musty herb in a Ziploc
Twistin' up top notch
Weed that I smoke, straight off a boat
Six foot bong, tryna see what I toke
This that Cali Kush, I motivate not gloat
All I need is Mary, let the models do the coke
Tryna get some Becky in the backseat of the Ghost
Hit the weed man, tell him that I need a bag
Wake up every morning and I take a drag
Take the blunt, dip it in the lean, then I laugh
In your baby mama ear, and I'm gonna smash
They call me the trippy king, don't try me nigga
Juicy J with the Taylors, Chinese eyes, nigga

[Hook: Juicy J]
Weed, pills and that drank
That's my trippy kit, yea
That's my trippy kit, yea
That's my trippy kit, yea
Weed, pills, and that drank
That's my trippy kit, yea
That's my trippy kit, yea
That's my trippy kit, yea
Weed, pills, and that drank
That's my trippy kit, yea
That's my trippy kit, yea
That's my trippy kit, yea
Weed, pills, and that drank
That's my trippy kit, yea
That's my trippy kit, yea

***

TRACK: Love Me

[Pre-Hook: Future]
I'm on that good kush and alcohol
I got some down bitches I can call
I don't know what I would do without y'all
I'ma ball 'til the day I fall

[Hook: Drake]
Yeah, long as my bitches love me (yeah, yeah)
I can give a fuck 'bout no hater
Long as my bitches love me
I can give a fuck 'bout no niggas
Long as these bitches love me

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Uh, pussy-ass nigga, stop hatin'
Lil Tunechi got that fire
And these hoes love me like Satan, man
Fuck with me and get bodied
And all she eat is dick; she's on a strict diet
That's my baby, with no makeup she a ten
And she the best with that head
Even better then Karrine
She don't want money
She want the time that we could spend
She said: "‘Cause I really need somebody
So tell me you're that somebody."
Girl, I fuck who I want, and fuck who I don't!
Got that A1 credit, that's that filet mignon
She said: "I never want to make you mad
I just want to make you proud."
I said: "Baby, just make me cum, then don't make a sound."

[Pre-Hook: Future]
I'm on that good kush and alcohol
I got some down bitches I can call
I don't know what I would do without y'all
I'ma ball 'til the day I fall

[Hook: Drake]
Yeah, long as my bitches love me (yeah, yeah)
I can give a fuck 'bout no hater
Long as my bitches love me
I can give a fuck 'bout no niggas
Long as these bitches love me

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Real nigga, fuck these haters!
These hoes got pussies like craters
Can't treat these hoes like ladies, maaaan
Pussy, money, weed, codeine
She said my dick feel like morphine
I hope my name taste like sardines to these niggas
She wake up, eat this dick
Call that breakfast in bed, $69.96
I feel her heartbeat, I chest-to-chest with this bitch
Now turn around, face down; I'm arrestin' this bitch
All my bitches love me, and I love all my bitches
But it's like as soon as I cum, I come to my senses
And I would say these hoes' names
But then I would be snitchin'
And these haters try to knock me
But they can't knock me off the hinges; Lil Tunechi!

[Pre-Hook: Future]
I'm on that good kush and alcohol
I got some down bitches I can call
I don't know what I would do without y'all
I'ma ball 'til the day I fall

[Hook: Drake]
Yeah, long as my bitches love me (yeah, yeah)
I can give a fuck 'bout no hater
Long as my bitches love me
I can give a fuck 'bout no niggas
Long as these bitches love me

[Bridge: Lil Wayne]
I lost a few good bitches
Met some more bad bitches
And I be schooling them niggas
Pose for your class picture
Now kiss my ass if you hating
I'm getting ass, or I'm skating
I lost a few good bitches
Met some more bad bitches
And I be schooling them niggas
Pose for your class picture
Now kiss my ass if you hating
I'm getting ass, or I'm skating, bitch!

[Pre-Hook: Future]
I'm on that good kush and alcohol
I got some down bitches I can call
I don't know what I would do without y'all
I'ma ball 'til the day I fall

[Hook: Drake]
Yeah, long as my bitches love me (yeah, yeah)
I can give a fuck 'bout no hater
Long as my bitches love me
I can give a fuck 'bout no niggas
Long as these bitches love me

***

TRACK: Romance

[Intro/Outro]
I always do you favors, that's romance, that's romance, that's romance
I fucked you on your job, and that's romance, that's romance, that's romance
And I don't give a fuck, but I got to, I got to yeah yeah
They say the best part of waking up is breakfast after a nut
And that's romance, that's romance, that's romance, that's romance
We fuck and crash that's romance, that's romance, that's romance
Ok

[Verse 1]
Fuck my hand, suck my thumb
Be a lady and buy me lunch
Send me cards, make me read
But don't send me no flowers unless it's weed
Cause I'm that nigga, she say Im that nigga
She ain't got a man but act like I'm that nigga
She check my phone, what's that 'bout?
Any other ho I would've cursed her ass out
But that's romance, that's romance, that's romance, that's romance
She kiss my ankle when I twisted my ankle
She even did anal when she don't do anal
My bitch, I'm thankful, let's hold hands (Can we?)
Let's slow dance (shall we?)
And we gon be like 1, 2, 1, 2
She said Im the one, girl you the one too
I stand up in that pussy like a sunroof
Yeah

[Hook]
I always do you favors, that's romance, that's romance, that's romance
I fucked you on your job, and that's romance, that's romance, that's romance
And I don't give a fuck, but I got to, I got to yeah yeah
They say the best part of waking up is breakfast after a nut

[Verse 2]
Ok, now give me coochie at my mama's crib
On Thanksgiving everybody's listening
All your home girl's bad and they're our guest
Let'em all in and I'll play chef
That's romance cause we so real
She said she cannot take the pain, if it ain't a pill
She said fuck these hoes, they just mad
We fucked a ho together, that's romance
If you got cups then I got dranks
I take my rubber off and put that money in the bank
I ain't your friend, fuck that shit
Tryna find another me girl good luck with that shit
Cause

[Hook]
I always do you favors, that's romance, that's romance, that's romance
I fucked you on the table, that's romance, that's romance, that's romance
And I don't give a fuck but baby I got to, I got to yeah yeah
They say the best part of waking up is breakfast after a nut

[Intro/Outro]

***

TRACK: God Bless Amerika

[Verse 1]
Uh, my mind’s filled with mine fields
The ashes fall, the wine spills
The world stops, drops and rolls
It’s Judgment Day or a fire drill
Yea, I pour out my heart, have a drink
They say the drunk never lie, they ain’t never lyin' yea
My country 'tis of thee
Sweet land of kill em all and let em die

[Hook]
God bless Amerika
This ole' godless Amerika
I heard tomorrow ain’t promised today
The end of time is like a hour away

[Verse 2]
Damn, military minded, lost and can’t find it
The stars on the flag are never shining
Uh, I saw a butterfly in hell today
Will I die or go to jail today?
Cause I live by the sword and die by the sword
Heard police was lookin' for me, I’mma hide by a broad
Shootin' stars in my pocket; bitch, sit on my rocket
I’m wired out the socket, but still shocking
Everybody wanna tell me what I need
You can play a role in my life but not the lead
If there’s food for thought then I’m guilty of greed
Mama said take what you want – I took heed yea
Now let it breathe, yea

[Verse 3]
Back to life, back to reality
Been eating my girl and she’s so sweet, got cavities
Granted we do it for vanity not humanity
But what’s appealing to me is under banana trees, love
I go so hard, I tried to pay homage but I was overcharged
Ain’t that a bitch? I’m just a nut tryna bust a nut, in a nut shell
Used to say fuck the police, now I say fuck jail
Same shit, different air freshener
I don’t play, boy, I ain’t Hugh Hefner
Tryna be a step ahead, but a few feet behind
Two fingers to my head, pop! Peace of mind
I be in the cloud, cloud number 9
And I just fucked the clock and let it come to time
It’s a cold world, I put on a mink
There’s a chain of command, I’m the missing link

[Hook]
God bless Amerika
This ole' godless Amerika
I heard tomorrow ain’t promised today
And I’m smoking on them flowers, catch the bouquet

[Outro]
Here we live by the sword and die by the sword
Heard police was lookin' for me, I’mma hide by a broad
Shootin' stars in my pocket; bitch, sit on my rocket
I’m wired out the socket, but still shockin'
Everybody wanna tell me what I need
You can play a role in my life but not the lead
I saw a butterfly in hell today
Will I die or go to jail today?

***

TRACK: Wowzers

[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Soulja Boy on the beat

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
My tongue is a uzi, my dick is a AK
My tongue is a uzi, my dick is a AK
My tongue go brrrr, my dick go bahh
My tongue go brrrr, my dick go bahh, bitch!

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Lay on the bed, open that twat
I French kiss that pussy, like muah
Sit on my face, M-U-A-H
Before I eat that pussy, I say my grace
Girl I'm nastier than him, I don't know why you still with him
Beat that pussy, go to sleep, she got that Tylenol P.M
Fuck that bitch until she tired, 'til she tired like a rim
Give her head like a brim, it tastes good, M-M-M
Pussy monster in her closet, full of surprises
I give full body massages, I hope that pussy smell like a violet
I hope that pussy warmer than luke and sweet as Godiva
Suck this dick and swallow that nut and call it Penis colada
Lift up that mini-skirt, that's my dinner desert
She fell in love with the Martian, I said you too down to Earth
Man, these hoes love Wayne, got a bunch of dimes, that's chump change
This shit is target practice and your bitch is my gun range

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
My tongue is a uzi, my dick is a AK
My tongue is a uzi, my dick is a AK
My tongue go brrrr, my dick go bahh
My tongue go brrrr, my dick go bahh, bitch!

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
My tongue is a uzi, my dick is a AK
Down here waiting for her to come like payday
Hoping this juice is sweeter than baked cake
She say it's for Tunechi, she lie with a straight face
But I'm trying to eat healthier, so I ate a veggie
Sucked on that pussy, I feel better already
She say "Tunechi go slower" and Tunechi went faster
My tongue is a motor, my dick is a NASCAR
Whipped cream on that pussy, dickhead like a bullet
If her hair real I'mma pull it, hope that ass feel like a cushion
I give her wood when he wouldn't? I hope that pussy tastes like pudding
And I get that ho the boot, hold up, let me put my foot in (Tunechi)
Got a sweet tooth, candy yam pussy
I'mma leave that ass smoking like a Amsterdam tourist man
These hoes love Wayne, got a bunch of dimes, that's chump change
This shit is target practice and your bitch is my gun range

[Hook:]
My tongue is a uzi, my dick is a AK
My tongue is a uzi, my dick is a AK
My tongue go brrrr, my dick go bahh
My tongue go brrrr, my dick go bahh, bitch!

[Verse 3: Trina]
Lay on that bed, open your mouth
This pussy so clean like soap in your mouth
I do my lil' dance, he scoping me out
If that dick like a tree watch me build a treehouse
Ok, the baddest bitch in this bitch, got the fattest clique in this bitch
You might drown, you better start doggy paddling in this bitch
I'm Trin, B nigga? Queen nigga, sleep in this pussy, dream nigga
I stay on that dick like a fucking balance beam nigga
Hair pull, neck grab, don't fuck with hoes that backstab
Don't fuck with niggas that ain't got shit, if I fucked a nigga then that's my dick
My mouth a jacuzzi, my pussy a safe place
Fuck me 'til daybreak, then you can go skate, Trina

***

TRACK: Hello

[Intro: Lil Wayne & (Shane Heyl)]
Cut the fuckin’ music up
(YMCMB) (GTWYC)
Yeah (It’s about that time)
(How about you man?)
Uh, yeah (Goat Mouf Gumbo)
Uh (Brain stretched out)
Yeah
Bitch (Shake Junt, Shake Junt)
Yeah, Chicken bone Nowison
Nowison
Death wish, bitch

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, California house in the hills, big windows, no blinds
Can't sleep past 9, we pass weed like time over here
Money over fear, her lipstick smeared, her pussy lip pierced
Daddy gotta go after Daddy get his, see ya later alligator
Crying crocodile tears, don't worry I'll be back
If her pussy like crack, she got a nice rack and that apple bottom
Bite that Apple like Mac, that's that computer love
I kill that pussy but I don't go to the funeral
Cause I'mma wear this ass out like a uniform
So ride this dick like a horse, pony, unicorn
Phone in her back pocket made the EHHHH
Phone in her back pocket made her booty call

[Chorus: Lil Wayne & (Shayne Heyl)]
I said hello, hello, she said "oh shit!"
I ain't mean to call you, anyway, what you doing
I said nothing, she said I know what you should be doing
And could be doing, open up your legs, walk me through it
Ain't too proud to beg, psh nigga please, I fell on my head
And she fell on her knees, what you know about that (Uhh)
I be on my head and she be on her knees
What you know about that? Bitch, bitch! Ugh!
Skate, smoke, fuck, yeah

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, California house in the hills, big windows, no blinds
Can't sleep past 9, we pass weed like time over here
Money over fear, her lipstick smeared, her pussy lip pierced
Daddy gotta go after Daddy get his, see ya later alligator
Crying crocodile tears, don't worry I'll be back
If her pussy like crack, she got a nice rack and that apple bottom
Bite that Apple like Mac, that's that computer love
I kill that pussy but I don't go to the funeral
Cause I'mma wear this ass out like a uniform
So ride this dick like a horse, pony, unicorn
Phone in her back pocket made the EHHHH
Phone in her back pocket made her booty call

[Chorus: Lil Wayne & (Shayne Heyl)]
I said hello, hello, she said "oh shit!"
I ain't mean to call you, anyway, what you doing
I said nothing, she said I know what you should be doing
And could be doing, open up your legs, walk me through it
Ain't too proud to beg, psh nigga please, I fell on my head
And she fell on her knees, what you know about that (Uhh)
I be on my head and she be on her knees
What you know about that? Bitch, bitch! Ugh!
Skate, smoke, fuck, yeah

[Verse 2: Shane Heyl]
Hello, hello, hello, hello
Hello, hello, hello, hello
Goat Mouf Gumbo's Here to save ya
"S" on my chest, like a Super-Man vest
Shake Junt!, I'mma say it again, Shake Junt! buck up my friends
Wondering, dreaming, constantly thinking
Tik-tok, Skello, Tik-tok Skello! Time's wasting
Had a chance, now look at the mess
Evil thoughts they run in my head
Get there, while you can, I say get there while you can
No you can't, Yes I can
Pushin' fast at 50 milli got me screamin' Faster!
Green and yellow do it again
Let it go, Back it up
Boom! Boom! Titties & Milk!
Squirt, Squirt
Till it don't, miss miss
Don't forget, miss miss, don't forget miss miss
Don't forget, miss miss, Don't forget Chicken bone Nowison
Don't forget Chicken bone Nowison
Don't forget Chicken bone Nowison
Is anybody out there!?

---

WORK: Free Weezy Album

***

TRACK: Glory

[Produced by Avenue Beatz, Infamous and Onhel]

[Verse 1]
Woo, this that shit they didn’t want me on
I’m ‘bout to act a badonkadonk, shamone, shamone
Don't need sugar, I need cream, I'm dark and strong
The garbage man puttin' on cologne, aroma wrong
I'm on, I'm on, this that shit they didn't want
I act a ass and shit a skunk, I will, I won't
Black your eye like will.i.am, you Willy Wonka
That's me in the Lam, I'm disappearin' like Jimmy Hoffa
AK-47 my business partner, business is swell
French kiss a bitch, she don't speak French, can't kiss and tell
I push his ass in the wishin' well, then wish him well
Sippin' syrup like ginger ale, but I'm the quickest snail
From here to Hell, I hear them hail, I give them hell
I'm spittin' hail, I'm Clinton, well, I did inhale
These niggas frail, they Chip and Dale, they little girls
Watch me act a donkey, then pin a tail, spit out your nails
Uh, glory, hallelujah
Holy shit, I'm the holy shit, I'm God's manure
I know how to hack a jeweller ward and not computers
I meditate like a Buddhist, Holy ramen noodles
And now you sleep, I'm inside your room wit' a lot of shooters
You wake up to this chopper tool, it's like, 'Cock-a-doodle'
I'm awkward, cuckoo, I turn your Froot Loop to chocolate Yoo-Hoo
I'm hotter than Honolulu, glory unto you, glory

[Verse 2]
I'm awkward, cuckoo, I turn your Froot Loop to chocolate Yoo-Hoo
I'm hotter than Honolulu, my clothes and socks and shoes new
I been a boo-boo since ga-ga goo-goo and Dada, FUBU
Make everybody that knew you boo-boo, I got them spooked too
I drive in neutral, shock the future like Dr. Luther
I'm not a chooser, your mom a cougar, I sock it to her
My cocaine white as a white beluga, I like bazookas
I'm high as lunar, I'm wilder than tigers, Nikes, Pumas
Woo, this that shit you didn't want me on
My weed louder than underarms and car alarms
Cheers, I said, 'Surprise', but couldn't party long
I got to get back to the grind and the drawin' board
But all this fuckin' artist drawin' is the art of war
These niggas' soft as teddy bears, talk to Marky Mark
I wet your block, leave it a waterpark, broad or dark
I whip the work like tartar sauce, you want it hard or raw, huh?

[Verse 3]
Uh, glory, hallelujah
Holy shit, I'm the shit, Porta-Potty Tunechi
Unload the Glock profusely, when sortin' out confusion
Your motor mouth keep vroomin', I'm goin' Tony Stewart
I'm on the fluid, I'm ruined, I'm cold as Boston Bruins
Lost in the shoo-shoo and who's who and I lost influence
Lost my point of view 'til I find a mirror, start talkin' to it
It told me the truth, it said I'm the shit and you party poopin'
Lord, oh, Lord

[Verse 4]
Am I talkin' crazy, too much coffee maybe
I smell like money, I know broke niggas feel nauseated
The broads' elated, my boys are faded, my car's the latest
My bars the greatest, they rated X like Marvel made it
She caught the babies, she barfed the babies, they orphans maybe
We got that white girl like in the '80s, that Marcia Brady
I dicked Tracy like Warren Beatty, I'm warm as Haiti
I'm armed and lazy, I'm sprayin' until my arms is lazy
Pardon my mental, I'm higher than Continental
Went from flyin' cockroaches to flyin' without credentials
That's private, tell the pilot, 'Be quiet, we need our privacy'
Throw you off this bitch if you wired, justifiably
Hustle wit' a motive, you know this, I'm wit' my whoadies
No snakes, no rodents, no ad-libs, no chorus
No stress, no worries, took you to a respiratory
It's self-explanatory, the glory is mandatory, glory

[Verse 5]
Uh, glory, hallelujah
Holy shit, I can't hold this shit, my bowel's looser
My towel's newer, my powder room is for powder-users
You see rolled up dollar bills filled wit' snot and mucus
My tires Lucas, my driver's crusin', my partner's ruthless
My flower's rootless, my pocket's roofless, she poppin' roofies
I'm not a student, I'm not assumin' I'm not a human
You are not immune to this kind of music, you got 'em, Tunechi
You got 'em, Tunechi, I got 'em

***

TRACK: He's Dead

[Intro: Sample]
Dead, he's dead, he's dead, he's dead, sir
He's dead chap, that man's dead back there
It was worse than dead, his brain is gone

(Kane is in the building, nigga)

[Hook]
I never see your crazy face
Smiling, laughing, screaming my name like that
I never see your crazy face (Mula)
Smiling, laughing, screaming my name like that
I see, smiling, laughing, screaming my name
I see, smiling, laughing, screaming my name

[Post-Hook]
He's dead, he's dead, he's dead
He's dead, he's dead, he's dead
He's dead, he's dead, he's dead
He's dead, he's dead, he's dead

[Verse 1]
Dead man walkin', through a dead plant garden
Red ants army, Caveman Spartan
Die, come back to life, shaved and corporate
I paved and carved it, made man forfeit
Laid and chalked him, I slaved then bossed it
I don't need flowers around my grave, I need maids and doormen
We not one and the same;
Casper the Friendly, Tunechi Cobain
Ask how I'm livin'? I can't complain
Like, it's hot in hell, but it never rain
Shit never sweet, him never changed
I'll always be the MF'er Wayne
I been lost conscious, I never regain
Bitches wanna sleep with my remains, lawd

[Bridge 1]
Them Xans got me walkin' 'round like a zombie
I just double parked the hearse by a fire hydrant
They throw flowers on my body, allergic to pollen
Rest In Peace to the Cash Money Weezy
Gone but not forgotten, no

[Hook]
I never see your crazy face
(You don't see me, nigga)
Smiling, laughing, screaming, my name like that
(You don't see me, nigga, no)
I never see your crazy face
(You can't see me, nigga)
Smiling, laughing, screaming, my name like that
(You can't see me, nigga, no)
I see, smiling, laughing, screaming, my name
(You can't see me, nigga, no)
I see, smiling, laughing, screaming, my name
(I'm the muthafuckin' ghost)

[Post-Hook]
He's dead, he's dead, he's dead
He's dead, he's dead, he's dead
He's dead, he's dead, he's dead
He's dead, he's dead, he's dead

[Verse 2]
Dead man walkin', the weed I'm sparkin'
Stank like corpses, got a young nigga coughin'
I was larger than life, should've got a bigger coffin
Bad bitches in my coffin, suck dick 'til they cough
How long will they mourn me?
I had a Rolls Royce Ghost
Now I'm feelin' like that motherfucka comin' back to haunt me
We are not one and the same;
I fumble my brain, I'm nothin' but strange
I punctured my veins, I'm loving the pain
I'm ugly and vain, now go get that shovel and dump it on Wayne
Throw dirt on my name, picture on a shirt instead of a frame
I'm dead as a doorknob and I got it locked
So fuck every key on your key chain, boy

[Bridge 2]
Them Xans got me walkin' 'round like a zombie
I don't know if I'm comin' or goin', Lord, I'm undecided
Throw flowers on my body, allergic to pollen
Rest In Peace to the Cash Money Weezy, gone but not forgotten

[Hook]
(No) I never see your crazy face (Ohhh)
Smiling, laughing, screaming, my name like that
(You don't see me, nigga, no)
I never see your crazy face (You can't see me, nigga)
Smiling, laughing, screaming, my name like that
(You can't see me, nigga, no, no)
I see, smiling, laughing, screaming, my name
(You can't see me, nigga, no, no)
I see, smiling, laughing, screaming, my name
(I'm the muthafuckin' ghost)
I never see your crazy face
Smiling, laughing, screaming, my name like that
I never see your crazy face
Smiling, laughing, screaming, my name like that
I see, smiling, laughing, screaming, my name like that
I see, smiling, laughing, screaming, my name like that

[Outro: Sample]
Dead, he's dead, he's dead, he's dead, sir
He's dead chap, that man's dead back there
It's worse than dead, his brain is gone

***

TRACK: I Feel Good

[Intro]
Tunechi
Baby
(Hey!)

[Verse 1]
Uh, Lord I think I'm ballin' too hard
And my girlfriend think she too much
All she do is get pretty
I get shitfaced
Don't we make a cute couple?
To a broke heart we look like 2 bucks
I got a posse full of hitters
And a pocket full of "In God We Trust"
It's been so long since I said "It cost too much"
I'm so addicted to the fast money lifestyle
And withdrawal sucks
And dead presidents act immortal
But I know you see money's not a problem
Bal' like a butch bitch
Let's go on a shopping spree, take that shit to Goodwill
Money in a shoebox, what's up with all these shoeboxes?
Baby, I'm my own boss
"Dwayne you gon' get you fired!"

[Hook]
But I feel good, woo
I knew that I would, yeah
I feel good, yeah
I'm smoking that good, yeah
I feel good, yeah
My girl got that good, yeah
Girl your pussy so good
And these hoes is no good
But I got you, yeah
Girl your pussy so good (so good)
And these hoes is no good (no good)
But I got you, yeah
I got you, wooo

[Verse 2]
Woo, Tunechi, baby, yeah
They say "Boy put some money aside"
Don't tell me what to do with mine
All my kids already rich
And they kids, and they kids...
They think money grow on trees
And as tall as they grew, I climbed
Knock-knock "Who's there?" Hah!
I told the bitch "It's just money"
The road can get a lil bumpy
So, on the low, I got that blow
And ya nose gon' feel like a trumpet
I'm goin home to my lil mama
She call me Big Poppa
She get hard dick and McDonald's
Cause she so tired of them Whoppers
I fuck her good, so proper
She say my name in Opera
I turn into a Piranha
Then eat it like Tilapia
She know I'm going through a lot
So she say my name in Gospel
No weapon formed against Weezy shall prosper

[Hook]
And I feel good, yeah
I knew that I would, yeah
And I'm still hood, yeah
Shoutout to my hood
I was sick of stuntin' but I feel cured
Leave yo ass in the woods, yeah
And these hoes is no good, no good
But I got a few, yeah
These hoes is no good (no good)
These hoes is no good (no good)
But, fuck it, I got you, ah
Fuck 'em I got you, ah

[Outro]
And I feel good
Tunechi, baby
(Hey!)
I feel good, yeah
Woo! Like diamonds on wood
Woo, mmm, ow! yeah
I feel good, yeah
My girl got that good, yeah
Girl, your pussy so good
And these hoes is no good
But I got you, yeah
(Woaw!)

***

TRACK: My Heart Races On

[Hook: Jake Troth]
When this world comes crashing
And time flies right past us
Love only lasts if my heart races on
So I step on the gas, burning faster and faster
‘Cause love only lasts if my heart races on
I'm racing on, yea, on
I'm racing on, yea
My heart races on

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
I'm priceless
Remember me like they remember the Titans
Reality bit me, and continue to bite me
Got no degree, but where I'm from that’s the original climate
Where you can’t tell a fiend a crack rock isn’t a diamond
Hold on
Lord, if my Bugatti come to a dead-end
I've already been everywhere except heaven
And tomorrow’s not promised
When I'm gone but not forgotten
I hope my homies calming down my momma, Lord
I guess I'll see you on that other side
Where the flowers never die
The angels never lie
Yeah, the revolution will be televised
I just hope my contribution will be memorized
Lord, Momma hate I got my Daddy’s eyes
Never looked into my Daddy’s eyes
He ain't have the time
Fuck him
The revolution will be televised
I just hope my contribution will be memorized

[Hook: Jake Troth & (Lil Wayne)]
When this world comes crashing
And time flies right past us (Hold on)
Love only lasts if my heart races on (Hold on)
So I step on the gas, burning faster and faster (Hold on)
‘Cause love only lasts if my heart races on
I'm racing on, yea (I'm gone)
On (I'm gone)
I'm racing on, yea (I'm gone)
My heart races on

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Tunechi, you an angel
Must be here for a reason, and that might be the main one
Fuck it, I'm making money before making changes
I sold my soul to the devil, he bought it, then exchanged it
Fuck it, I'm working bitch, I know you see me working
Searching for better days before a better person
I'm perfect
Just ask my bitch and she’ll say that so urgent
I purchase
My children gifts and I just keep the curses
Yeah
My heart right, and my head ain't
'Cause I'm never in my right mind
But I'm Einstein when I do think
And I grew wings
If you catch a feather, just keep it
And I’ll be racing on; no shortcuts, no cheating

[Hook: Jake Troth & (Lil Wayne)]
When this world comes crashing
And time flies right past us (Hold on)
Love only lasts if my heart races on (Hold on)
So I step on the gas (Errrr)
Burning faster and faster (Hold on)
‘Cause love only lasts if my heart races on
(My heart right and my head ain't)
I'm racing on, yea (I'm gone)
On (I'm gone)
I'm racing on, yea
(There’s nothing left but to fly high
If you catch a feather just keep it)
My heart races on

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
This morning I woke up on my good side
Life is just a race against time so have a good time
Heart racing, thoughts racing
Competition, goodbye
I turn around and run backwards
To see what second place look like
Oh Lord, what are we running from
The police, 'cause they already killed enough of us
Stay out them streets 'cause they don’t fuck with us
They hunting us
We in a race against racists, that’s a color run
I keep my feet above the ground
We gon' run the town
Heart racing on, beat-beat-beating, knock and pound
Love marathon, getting deeper by the mile
I see no finish line – On your mark, set, pow

***

TRACK: London Roads

[Intro]
Weed and syrup, yeah
(We got London on da Track)

[Verse 1]
All I know is paper
I don't know these hoes
I like mouth in my lap
And pussy on my nose
And I'm bringin' home the bacon
It's fryin' on the stove
You hoes can't drive me crazy
Keep your eyes on the road
Got the money on my mind
And bodies on my nine
And I swear everyday
I'm on my Ariana grind
De
I got that yay
I got that ladidadida
And a kamikaze squad
And you chicken parmesan
Lord, I'm a free man
Like I come from Amistad
No, I come from Hollygrove
Turnin' O's
To octagons
I get money while I'm sleep
I dream that I'm in heaven
I dreamed I saw Lil Beezy
And smoked a 'gar with Wessy
All my niggas, Rest In Peace
And my enemy, rest pleasant
So when my niggas creep
They catch him
When he least expect 'em
Momma told me
"If you run these streets
Run these streets correctly"
Well, feet don't fail me now; I never knew my feet to test me
Lord knows
I wear new clothes
To the mall
Two hoes
On my arm
Fur boots
When it's warm
Church shoes
To play ball
We spittin' this shit like bird food to a dog
Urkel to big Carl, y'all don't hear me
All I love is paper
I don't love these hoes
Boy, that vest won't save you
Neither will heroes
Lord, they better hope you save him
Better catch the holy ghost
Holy moly, hockey mask like Halloween like OVO
Lord all I know is strippers, all they know is poles
All they sell is pussy, cause they been sold they soul
Boy, you go zero to sixty, I go one-and-two-zero's
Pedal to the metal, I call it rose gold
Lord all I know is paper
Big fat money rolls
Look at how big my safe is
That bitch got double doors
I was runnin' outta patience
'Til I heard all aboard
They mad cause I be skatin'
At home on marble floors
Lord knows I drive fast in my driveway
I pop tags and throw 'em down and make the ground shake
Goddamn, a pint of lean almost 5k
I be spendin' 25k every 5 days
I sent my girl on a spa day
Cause Hood just came with them chickens
I don't want you in the house, bae
Plus we need the kitchen
Lord, trap house in abundance
We got trap houses in London
Y'all don't hear me

[Interlude]
(We got London on da Track)

[Verse 2]
Hol' up
Had to switch the flow up
Had to pour up
Roll some more up
Watch me go up
My doors go up
When I show up
Why you show up?
Pick my bro up
Pick a O up
Hit the store up
Get a soda
Get us 4 cups
Split a 4 up
Then we slow up
Yeah you know us
Then we toast cups
And we post up
Don't approach us
We got toasters
That's my slime, like we ghostbust
And we both bust
Give no fucks
Take no stuff
And take your stuff
Then ho hunt
For some chocha
I know a ho
Who'll rock the boat
But I row her
I'm Noah, Lord
I remember when I was no one, Lord
When I couldn't find jack in no one's cards
Ms. Cita
I remember goin' in your gun drawer
Puttin' it to my chest and missin' my heart by centimetres
Oh Lord
I remember dyin' on her room floor
And wakin' up in some police's arms
He died recent
So I hope heaven made more room for him
And I hope he see me
Cause if he didn't save that lil boy there would be no Weezy
Oh Lord

***

TRACK: I'm That Nigga

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
I'm that nigga, that nigga nigga, that nigga nigga
I'm that nigga, that nigga nigga, that nigga nigga
Fuck these niggas, these niggas niggas, I ain't these niggas
Fuck these niggas, these niggas niggas, girl fuck these niggas
I'm that nigga you love, I'm that nigga you love
I'm that nigga you love, I'm that nigga you love
You love to hate, you love to hate
You love to hate, hey, hey

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Crazy 'bout my money, pay me by the hundreds
I'm waitin', count it for me, I got all day nigga I ain't rushin'
Overpaid, fuck a budget, I'm overdue, I ain't budgin'
I want my bread, fuck the muffins
Without my cream I'm sour onion
I pour codeine in a LeBron Sprite
Pop a Percocet, I feel like Iron Mike
Strip club, I make 30K, skydive
I get head on a high-rise
My life awesome
I thank God momma didn't have an abortion
So every time I get paid she get a portion
I made a fortune
I'm havin' foursomes
Don’t have to force 'em

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
Cause I'm that nigga, that nigga nigga, that nigga nigga
I'm that nigga, that nigga nigga, that nigga nigga
Fuck these niggas, these niggas niggas, I ain't these niggas
Fuck these niggas, on second thought baby don't fuck these niggas
I'm that nigga you love, I'm that nigga you love
I'm that nigga you love, I'm that nigga you love
You love to hate, you love to hate
You love to hate, hey, hey

[Verse 2: HoodyBaby]
Goin' berserk, I been whippin' the work
Grimy as fuck, I sell a brick in the church
Now baby pass me my Hammer, go bail my bro out the slammer
Soon as I pour up this Fanta, I'm kickin' ass in Atlanta
I'm in L.A. with some women, I'm in Miami with hoes
Go overseas with my woes, merci beaucoup I suppose
My ho on the globe, I'm pourin' the 4
They got coke on the table, they got dope on the floor
You're really reading me wrong, phone roamin' in Rome
It's like I set it in stone, we blowin' blunts of the strong
My safe like steak, I'm tryin' to filet mignon
What's left to say, I say we kill 'em and gone

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
Cause I'm that nigga, that nigga nigga, that nigga nigga
I'm that nigga, that nigga nigga, that nigga nigga
Fuck these niggas, these niggas niggas, I ain't these niggas
Fuck these niggas, on second thought baby don't fuck these niggas
I'm that nigga you love, I'm that nigga you love
I'm that nigga you love, I'm that nigga you love
You love to hate, you love to hate
You love to hate, hey, hey..

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Crazy 'bout my money
Psycho 'bout my money
Spiteful 'bout my money
(Bow!) Snipe about my money
Yeah, kill you behind my money
I really need a lot of money (Yep)
My bitch like nice things, and my children grew out them Huggies
Yeah, I pour codeine in a Jones soda
Pop a Percocet, I feel like Balboa
Roger that, 10-4, pssh, man over
These sluts is on my nuts, I feel like granola
Oh, I pass time like a Backwood
I gets high off that good, but I land good
I'm flat-foot but dance good and kick ass good
These niggas can't hold me, I'm a handful

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, the nigga nigga
I'm the nigga, the nigga nigga, the nigga nigga
Fuck these niggas, these niggas niggas, I ain't these niggas
Fuck these niggas, these niggas niggas, girl fuck these niggas
I'm the nigga you love, I'm the nigga you love
I'm the nigga you love, I'm the nigga you love
You love to hate, you love to hate
You love to hate, hey, hey

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
Cause I'm the nigga, the nigga
Because I'm the nigga, the nigga
Because I'm the nigga, girl fuck these, girl fuck these niggas
On second thought baby don't fuck these niggas
Pullin' triggers, my home up diggers, don't try me nigga
Pullin' triggers, my come up figures, don't try me nigga
I'm that nigga, that nigga that nigga, I'm not them niggas
I'm that nigga, that nigga that nigga, I'm the nigga, yeah

***

TRACK: Psycho

[Hook]
Psycho, you got me psycho
Baby commit me, I'm not backing down

[Verse 1]
I never knew the girl would have me out here trippin'
I thought I was different, I thought I was pimpin'
I thought I was whippin' til that pussy whipped me
I fell asleep in it like Whitney
I go hard for my baby
Psycho ward for my baby
Swipe that card for my baby
Body guard for my baby
Bobby Brown for my baby
Lock it down for my baby
I knock that pussy out
And then I growl for my baby
Even psycho's need love too
I save all her text messages
I smell her panties while she in the bathroom
And taste whatever she left in them
I take pictures of her when she not lookin'
Study 'em microscopically
Marry me and then bury me
And then bury her on top of me
I'm

[Hook]
Psycho, you got me psycho
Baby commit me, I'm not backing down

[Verse 2]
Girl I'm so crazy for you
I left my old lady for you
Now she done went crazy
You know she be hatin' on you
Say she gon' be waitin' for me
Well she gon' be waitin'
Cuz she know I'm crazy 'bout you
You got me all psychotic
Girl I'm your patient
I'm just tryna kick it wit' ya
But I don't even know karate
But I know cr-azy
Crazy bout her attitude
Crazy bout her shampoo
Jealous of her shadow dude
I'm crazy
Crazy bout her vaginal
And every other avenue
Jump without a parachute
I'm crazy
Should've said I never do
If she says pleasurable
Then it's my pleasure boo
You ain't gotta never move
Lookin' all edible
And I'm ready when you're ready to
You already knew
Girl you already know
I ain't never lettin' go
I ain't never lettin' go
Addicted to your love, a motherfucker need a Betty Ford
Your gon' have to cut me off with a sword
And if you ever leave me, I ain't leavin' nothin' but a note
While I'm hangin' from the second floor
And when you don't come home
Then its vroom-vroom, boom-boom
Nigga ridin' round checkin' doors
Oh Lord

[Hook]
Psycho, you got me psycho
Baby come at me I'm not backing down

[Bridge]
I never knew a girl would have me out here trippin'
I thought I was different, I thought I was pimpin'

[Hook]
Psycho, you got me psycho
Baby come at me I'm not backing down
I thought I was different, I thought I was pimpin'

***

TRACK: Murda

[Hook: Junior Reid]
First degree murder
Beg them, no push it further
This a nuh beef, we make burger
He youths, them strapped with them burner

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Real niggas say soowoo
And such and such killed such and such
The streets talk
And bullshit walks
On crutches, but
It's strut to strut
Niggas panic
Button pressing
The end is coming
Count your blessings
We living in the day and time
Where the ten commandments
Are now suggestions
How depressing
How infested
Click-clack, pow; intestines
Bad bitches in flower dresses
With tight pussies, I found the crevice
AK bullets move mountains
Break them bitches down to pebbles
That tough talk is like music to my ears
So keep it acapella
Based on a true story
We not worried, y'all too worried
I faced my fears
And told them motherfuckers y'all too gorgeous
Dread head from New Orleans
Where the youth, them got two choices
Shoot, or get shot, or a nigga choose for you
We murdered them

[Hook: Junior Reid]
First degree murder
Beg them no push it further
This a nuh beef we make burger
The youths them strapped with them burner
First degree murder
Beg them no push it further
This a nuh beef we make burger
Cus the youths them strapped with them burner

[Verse 2: Cory Gunz]
Yo, Tune point and I'm dusting niggas
I ain't talking lacing no marijuana
Soon as I hatch I reign like a quail
And I don't give 2 fucks I ain't a koala
My uncle gangsta but I make him nervous
All he see in my face is murda
Waste a burna is my waste a furnace
I'm pacing turners your face the thermos
First birthday wish was getting caked up
Shoot a nigga wake up on the wake up
Lay down and a model bitch ache up
Then I put pearls in a bitch like Jacob
Play tough taped off of this day pub
Race off like some motherfucking make up
Take off looking for something to take up
Want the paper? Or you want in the paper?
Not horoscopes but in the horror scope
Pray to God you see tomorrow, nope
They gave my nigga 30 for a jar of dope
But do a nigga dirty with a bar of soap
Blowing so much you sneezing dick
Believe in me I don't believe in shit
Y'all pinching pennies? I'm squeezing drip
It's Young Money till I'm in the freezer stiff
Bitch

[Hook: Junior Reid]
First degree murda
Beg dem nuh push it further
This a nuh beef weh make burga
The youths dem strapped with dem burner
First degree murda
Beg dem nuh push it further
This a nuh beef weh make burga
Cus the youths dem strapped with dem burner

[Verse 3: Capo]
It's all about the money nigga fuck the fame
Where we come from shots ring nigga broad day
Lil woadie said he had the chance he do the shit again
Pop the pills for the pain but still won't feel a thing
It's deeper than this rapper man the back soaking gang
Cartier frames got them looking at me strange
Why pre mostly heard in the rally same?
Lowkey can still get a brick off my name
Now I'mma tell you this here for my youngin and them
The same ones I help the corners with do numbers with
If there ever was a problem watch them pull up quick
Caught an L sticking to the script you know I switched
We now switch

[Hook: Junior Reid]
First degree murda
Beg dem nuh push it further
This a nuh beef weh make burga
The youths dem strapped with dem burner
First degree murda
Beg dem nuh push it further
This a nuh beef weh make burga
Cus the youths dem strapped with dem burner

***

TRACK: Thinking Bout You

[Intro]
Uhh, Uhh, I was chilling on the set
With the fully-automatic Tec
Thinking 'bout you girl
I was working my juug girl
But I was still thinking 'bout you

[Verse 1]
Uhh, bow-wow-wow, yippie-yo, yippie-yay
Can't trust these dog-ass hoes today
I say bow-wow-wow, yippie-yo, yippie-yay
Can't trust these dog-ass hoes today
But I got one I really fuck with
She makes my heart skip a beat
She dropped her drum stick
Sometimes we fuck forever, sometimes I cum quick
I eat that pussy cause it's sweet, as sweet as one-six
Sixteen bullets in a clip, but more than one clip
Shoot a nigga sixteen times until I'm convinced
I got strawberry cocaine as sweet as Fun Dip
You know I keep some nose candy for my young bitch
I love my young bitch
Cause she don't give me drama
You don't want no drama
My goons waitin' for you, to snap
Like some photo bombers
Yeah we leave a nigga flat
We leave 'em horizontal
And then my lawyer tell your honor
On that morning, I was –

[Chorus]
Chilling on the set
With a fully automatic Tec
Thinking bout you girl
I was working my juug girl
But I was still thinking 'bout you girl
Yeah, I was chilling on the set
With the fully automatic Tec
Thinking 'bout you girl
I was working my juug girl
But I was still thinking 'bout you

[Bridge]
It go U-N-L-V
It go, it go U-N-L-V
It go U-N-L-V, U-N-L-V
Uptown Nigga Living Violent
Do I smell beef?

[Verse 2]
I was chilling on the corner about to get fucked up
My nigga T got a 40, and he brought two cups
That nigga Mack was chillin', Po was home talkin' on the phone
Lord, it's been such a good-year we need some Armor All
That nigga Hoody on the set, he got his hoodie on
Euro the future, fuck your future, like I'm reading palms
Wayne Chong, chinky eyes like I'm from Vietnam
Got my bitch with chinky eyes like that bitch Nia Long
Lord, I know I do my thing, can’t let my thing do me
Lord, I know I ain’t a Saint, still rep that fleur-de-lis
Lord, just keep Lil Reginae away from birds and bees
Let her be strong as the woman that gave birth to me
Fuck your degree, this murder in the first degree
I got that Tec under my arm like Right Guard, Sure, Degree
Lord, sometimes I just be so gone I be like "Earth to me?"
I burn some weed, I burp some lean, I served a fiend
While I was

[Chorus]
Chilling on the set
With a fully automatic Tec
I was thinking 'bout you girl
I was working my juug girl
But I was still thinking 'bout you girl
Yeah I was chilling on the set
With a fully automatic Tec
I was thinking 'bout you girl
I was working my juug girl
But I was still thinking 'bout you, girl

[Outro]
Yeah
Thinking 'bout you girl
Working my juug girl
Still thinking 'bout you girl
Chilling on the set
With the fully automatic Tec
Thinking 'bout you girl
Working my juug girl
I was still thinking 'bout you

***

TRACK: Without You

[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Tell 'em

[Chorus: Bibi Bourelly & (Lil Wayne)]
I done spent so many of my days without you (Yeah)
I done lost all my love and found my way without you
I done gave up my soul, and gave up my pride
And taped up my heart, and wiped off my eyes
Without you, without you, yeah

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
How you doin'?
Me, I'm a mess
I feel powerless
Hands around this bottleneck, mmh
You got a new one
I'm not impressed
And if he trying to flex
You can give him my address, yeah
I be trying to rest
But Lord, the Devil busy
And when I do, I dream of you
And then the Devil pinch me
Do you ever miss me?
Do you ever wish we
Get it right and the rest is history?
I wish I could go back in time
And fix my lack of time
'Cause back then I had to grind
But see, you thought I’d rather grind
You thought I had the time
Thought I was lying half the time
And now I fantasize and agonize
To pass the time
Lord

[Chorus: Bibi Bourelly & (Lil Wayne)]
I done spent so many of my days without you (Uh)
I done lost all my love and found my way without you (Yeah)
I done gave up my soul (Yeah)
And gave up my pride (Yeah)
And taped up my heart (Yeah)
And wiped off my eyes
Without you (Without you)
Without you (Without you)
Yeah

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
How you doin'?
I can tell
You look like yourself
And I look like I'm by myself, fuck
But I'm getting through it
I might as well
'Cause I know time will tell
But it be moving like a snail, yeah
You got a new one
I wish you well
Then I bite my nails
I'm scared I might hear wedding bells, uh
I guess I blew it
It never fails
You was tired of waiting to exhale
I wish I could go back in time
And fix my frame of mind
Back when everything was fine
And we would never think of dying
And I was yours and you was mine
And we combine and intertwine
And now we in decline
Finish line
End of time, Lord
Woo

[Chorus: Bibi Bourelly & (Lil Wayne)]
I done spent so many
(I done spent so many, way too many)
Of my days without you
(Of my days without you)
I done lost all my love
(Lost all my love)
And found my way without you (Lord)
I done gave up my soul (Yeah)
And gave up my pride (Yeah)
Taped up my heart (Yeah)
And wiped off my eyes
Without you (Without you)
Without you (Without you)
Yeah

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Now you've been gone too long
True or false, right or wrong?
I'm left to live life alone
I'ma need more Styrofoams
If you find your way home
You know that porch light is on
I lay in bed wishing your side was warm
We wish we could go back in time
And push it in reverse
Cause this shit ain't for us
Baby, this shit for the birds
But I know what I'll do
I'll move on, I got to
And this is to you, for you
About you, without you, girl

[Chorus: Bibi Bourelly & (Lil Wayne)]
(I done spent so many, way too many
Of my days without you
I done lost all my love, Lord)
I done gave up my soul and gave up my pride
And taped up my heart and wiped off my eyes
Without you, without you

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
How you doing? I can tell, yeah
How you doing? I can tell
You look like yourself
I'm by myself

***

TRACK: Post Bail Ballin

[Verse 1]
Uhh
Hundred thousand on a small-ass chain
Hundred thousand on a bottle champagne
Half a million for a watch with no diamonds
Brought cash to the jewelers, still had change
Ooh, sharks in the crib and in the backyard
Elevator in the house, never got stuck
I just looked in the mirror, got star struck
I just looked at your bitch and got eye-fucked
Who the fuck wanna race? Put your money up
All you see is license plates far in front of ya
I gave a bad bitch a taste of the good life
She licked her lips twice and told me that I'm yummier
Glass house on the block, five floors in it
Got a picture on the wall that cost more than it
You observing it, I'm absorbing it
Judge mad 'cause a nigga make more than him
Ignoring him, I know you can't ignore the rims
I'm going in 'til I'm pouring in more than Ms
I'm courtin' swimsuit models that don't know who I am
And foreign twins, I tell 'em that I star in films
My warrant's clear as day like Doris is
When I ain't trippin then my lawyers is
So what the charges is?
Put it on my tab, baller shit
I'm from the cell to the mall with this

[Hook]
Now tell them motherfuckers, I'm
I'm post-bail ballin', post-bail ballin'
Go tell the warden, I'm
I'm post-bail ballin', post-bail ballin'
Go tell the warden, I'm

[Bridge]
Soon as I get home, I'm go and get that brand new Bentley
And I'mma honk the horn, ridin' passed the penitentiary
And I'mma drive slow, ridin' passed the elementary
Then give it to my whoas, tell 'em "Don't even mention"

[Verse 2]
One time
For the hustlers and the young moms
My presidential said it's crunch time
Looking in my son's eyes
Only time I see a upside
I tell him he gon' be a tough guy
Never be a punchline
Tell him never wait in one line
Tell him not even a lunch line
Pray more than sometimes
When the cops come, you tongue-tied
Take dirt, make a mud pie
Lookin' out the window
In the coupe with a bimbo
Talking 'bout who she resemble
Bitch, you in a Enzo
Stop being so simple
Now fuck me like we in a limo
I ain't got time to kill, I got voids to fill
I got ocean views, I got water bills
I got cards to deal, I got hearts to steal
I got larger wheels on my automobile
I lost appeal
The bullshit cost me a mill
It brought me to tears
I came home and bought me a crib
I walk through that bitch
Strapped when it's dark in that bitch
And through hell and high water, I just walk on a bridge
I got a full cup of lean that I saw in the fridge
I started to swig
But end up drinking all of that shit
'Cause I deserve it
I be working hard for all of this shit
I step into a Rolls Royce
When I walk out the pen

[Hook]
My nigga I'm, I'm post-bail ballin, post-bail ballin'
Go tell the warden I'm, I'm post-bail ballin'
Post-bail ballin', go tell the warden I'm, I'm post-bail ballin'
Farewell warden, I'm post-bail ballin'
Go tell the warden I'm post-bail ballin'
Inmate Carter: Post-bail ballin'

[Bridge]
Soon as I get home, I'm go and get that brand new Bentley
And I'mma honk the horn ridin' past the penitentiary
And I'mma drive slow ridin' past the elementary
Then give it to my whoas, tell 'em "Don't even mention"
Soon as I get home, I'm go and get that brand new Bentley

***

TRACK:  Pull Up

[Intro: Lil Wayne]
That's how I raised 'em, Lord
Them niggas crazy

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
D-boy, D-boy, D-boy
My pockets look Keloid
My dead Presidents reborn
When I'm naked I got three arms
Got a big house with a green lawn
Got a cigar full of neon
Like my ho cold and my tea warm
Close his casket, he look deformed
I got bitches on my dick

[Verse 2: Euro]
I got J's at my door
I got shooters on my team, I got Feds down my throat
Counting money, dirty and clean, smoking nothing but Irene
Got a bitch with good hygiene, I'm sick with it, no vaccine

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
I got coke under my nails, I got niggas taking them L's
Nigga, we don't need no scale, I'm sick with it, no get well
Trigga man, trigga man, trigga man please don't shoot
'Bout it, 'bout it, 'bout it like T-R-U
Young nigga ridin' in a V-1-2
Chop bricks like karate, judo, kung fu
Like jiu-jitsu, split a brick in two

[Verse 4: Euro]
You do you, I'mma do what it do
Niggas dropping dimes and their 2 cents too
Bout it, bout it, bout it like hoody-hoo
Started from the bottom and I grew into
Everything I'm driving is new, improved
When she fucking with me it's a new experience
Fucking with you it's a new excuse

[Verse 5: Lil Wayne]
Nigga, who is you?
I looked in the mirror and say "Ooh, it's you"
All my goons be too enthused
So don't open your mouth, like you're chewing glue
Light blue Michael Jordan's, my shoe get checks like "Swoosh"
Hear you niggas talking about what you gon' do
Or might do, I invite you, I entice you but I advise you
Not to, God bless you like "Achoo"
Police find you in the bayou
With your friends by you and your shit knocked loose
Nigga, that's what you'll get like Ken and Ryu
I been Piru, I'm in my mood
So you know what you can do?

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
Fuck nigga, pull up!
I'll be waiting, yeah
Fuck nigga, good luck, yeah
I'll be waiting, yeah
Fuck nigga, pull up

[Verse 6: Lil Wayne]
Fuck nigga pull up, fuck nigga pull up
I'll be waiting with my muhfuckin' foot up
I ain't even stood up, fuck nigga, good luck
Fuck nigga put up or muhfuckin' shush up
Fuck nigga, pull up, my young niggas stood up
Like, fuck nigga, what up? Fuck nigga shook up
I been out here since P had the hook up
So if you wan' meet, nigga, I'm a butcher
If you wan' beef, nigga, I'mma butcher
My niggas wanna eat, nigga I'mma cook ya
If you with your bitch, and your bitch want me
Nigga, I'mma pull her like a trigger, she the bullet
We the illest, we the coolest (We the illest, we the coolest)
We the illest, we the coolest (We the illest, we the coolest)
The sickest and the smoothest, the gifted and the goofiest
Read a scripture out your movie, get a picture, I'm a-zoomin
I'mma hit 'em, I'mma lose 'em, I'mma kill 'em, I'mma bruise 'em
I'm a sinner, I'm a suitor, not to mention I'm a mover
I come at you when I'm movin', the bitch I'm with bad
I'mma pinch her on her booty, that bitch is Lil Tunechi's
Aw yeah, aw yeah, fuckin' right

[Verse 7: Euro & Lil Wayne]
Always had my gun in fights
Always had the upper hand
You the always-call-your-brother type (ooh)
Hard-head all my fuckin life (yeah)
Whole world in my fuckin hand (yeah)
Damn, my girl just pulled up
With 'Pull Up To My Bumper' playin'
But fuck it man, like what you sayin'?
Look, I'm not sayin', but I'm just sayin'

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
Fuck nigga, pull up, I'll be waitin'
Lord knows, I'll be waitin' for you
Me and my young niggas
That's how I raised 'em

[Bridge: Lil Wayne]
Fuck nigga, pull up, my young niggas stood up
Like, fuck nigga, what up? Blooka-blooka-blookah
I say, fuck nigga, pull up, I'm waitin' with my foot up
Fuck nigga, good luck! Blrrt, blrrt, blrrt!

[Verse 8: Lil Wayne & Euro]
I say, fuck nigga, pull up, fuck around and never pull off
They see the guns we pull out, say "Never mind" and pull off
They see the guns we pull out, say, "Never mind" and keep goin'
I put the gun in his mouth and say "Be quiet and breath soft"
Shifty eyes, I see four, flip them pies like D. Dawes
These bitches tired, they sleepwalk, brilliant mind, I'm street smart
In deep thought and we are what she want and she want
And he don't but keep on and we gon' see

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
Fuck nigga, pull up
Yeah, fuck nigga, pull up, woo
I'll be waiting, haha
Why you waiting?
Fuck nigga, pull up
Fuck nigga, pull up
Fuck nigga, pull up
Yeah, I'll be waiting for you
Me and my young niggas, yea
That's how I raised 'em Lord
Them lil niggas crazy
They just waiting for me to tell 'em to go crazy, boy
What am I waiting for?

***

TRACK: Living Right

[Intro: Wiz Khalifa]
Livin'!

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Nigga, that's me in that nice-ass house
Butt-naked bitch with a nice ass
Walking 'round saying "You got a nice-ass house!"
My phone keep ringing though, my bad
I think my girl got me on spy cam now
My homies call cocaine "White trash"
Charge you double just to take my trash out
I cannot fuck wit' you bitch, cause you gon' get a nigga busted
Worrying 'bout the wrong things while I'm hustlin'
Put the dick up in your mouth while it's runnin'
Bitch, don't ask no questions
Soon as I heard this a young nigga killed it
Cause I go too hard, I eat beats, mmm, scrumptious, delicious
Shoot you in your kidneys
I hope you see blood when you pissin'
We run up in your house on Christmas
And don't ask no questions
Just shoot whoever's present
While they open their presents
Oh please, Lord, forgive me
I just talked to my Reverend
Asked him if I'm the Devil
He said "That's these bitches"
See, I'm from New Orleans
That bitch is infested
Shootouts like the Westerns
Kill you and your bestie
Pay niggas to do it correctly
Two Ninas, they lesbians
I gotta shoot you with both or else one'd get jealous
I make money, not exceptions
Take pills like breath mints
She just get dick and refreshments
Free all my dogs in corrections
We all we got, don’t need extras
We don’t expect shit
We don’t get mad over pussy
I’m probably lyin' in some pussy
While fools out here dyin' over pussy
And that’s what I don’t understand

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
Cause a young nigga livin' right
A young nigga livin' right (Livin')
Yeah, a young nigga livin' right
A young nigga livin' right (You see me)
Don’t get me wrong, I had to get it right
But now a young nigga livin' right (Livin')
Bitches see me and start gettin right
Because they know a nigga livin' right
(You see me)

[Verse 2: Wiz Khalifa]
Standing on the top, I got a
Lot of observations
Young nigga, lot of options
You, You...
Runnin' through a check
Buyin' all the champagne
Blowin' up the net
And settin' all the trends
Showin' niggas what’s next
I was drinkin' coffee
Smokin' weed on the jet
Probably wit' your wifey
In the back for pillow talk
But we ain’t talkin'
Gettin' top while ain't no top
Swear to God I had a chopper
Now the gun biz are the friends hoppin' out a helicopter
I be rollin' up the Doctor’s wishes
Countin' up the money, kickin' out the bitches
Cause they all up on you, but be gone when it get real
Bitches ain’t shit but a brick through your windshield
Shows in the evening
Business meetings in the morning
(Hooo)
Goons on deck, don't make a nigga sick 'em on ya
(Go, go, go)
Niggas talkin' shit
Gon' make a nigga get pneumonia
Wrist so cold
Think it’s sick and got Ebola
Crib so big
Got a bitch in every corner
Joint smoke good
Cause I showed her how to roll it
In the morning I got meetings with my lawyer
Arguments I’ll never be a part of
Love pussy and some good conversation
And that money, we'll never see a shortage
Nigga run up on me, he gon' be a goner
Bruce Wayne whip
I got a new favorite bitch
I got a joint I just rolled that got a Liu Kang kick
I gotta do it big
That’s just how I do things

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
Cause a young nigga livin' right
A young nigga livin' right (Young nigga)
A young nigga livin' right
A young nigga livin' right (You see me)
Don’t get me wrong, I had to get it right
But now a young nigga livin' right, ya (Livin')
Bitches see me and start gettin' right
Because they know a nigga livin' right
(You see me)

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
My homie got the pistol and he might spazz out
Lifespan, motherfuckin’ lifespan –
That shit all depend on how tonight pan out
Ooh, I swear these hoes ain’t right man
I left my shady bitch, I got a nice tan now
Red bandana in my right pocket
So if I pull the trigger I can wipe that down
I just put my gun up in her Coach bag
I won’t hesitate to pull it right back out
Life coach? I don’t need no life coach
To coach me through my motherfuckin' ups and downs
Tell a bitch "Don’t ask no questions"
My money so old
I tell my new money "Respect your elders"
I’m startn' to get jealous
Of my own reflection
The young nigga sexy
A young nigga healthy
A young nigga flexin'
I’m countin' my blessin's
"Achoo," "God bless me"
"Thank you," "You welcome"
I talked to my Reverend
Asked him if there’s a Heaven
A Heaven for a G, because me and my Gangstas
Done done it all, but never tell
He say “We already in Hell”
I say “Ain’t that a bitch”
Cause I work too hard, but still thankful as if
This shit came as a gift
I just pray for my niggas that’s out here still slangin' that shit
Keep my distance, I can’t take that risk
I hope they understand

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
Cause a young nigga livin' right
A young nigga livin' right (livin')
Yeah, a young nigga livin right
Oh a young nigga living right, mm (you see me)
Don’t get me wrong, I had to get it right
But now a young nigga livin' right (livin')
Bitches see me and start gettin' right
Because they know a nigga livin' right
(You see me)

***

TRACK: White Girl

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Yeah
Please have my money on time
Please have my money on time, boy
Cause my niggas run in salons
Just to shoot up baby moms, boy
Trap house jump out the gym
Trap house jump like LeBron, yeah
It's 22.5 for the B
11.5 for the Solange, yeah
Call a 16 "Montana"
A 8 a "Steve Young"
And a 4 a "Brett Favre"
My plug name is Hector
But back in his country they call him Héctòr
She strip every day but Sunday
Cause she still make time for the Lord
Got a red dot on top of your head
Like I got your ass on record
Tune, don't be so cruel
Tune, don't be so rude
Nah – Fuck that
Fuck these lil niggas
Fuck these lil dudes
Hey – By the gavel or the gun, nigga
I be creepin' like the shadow and the sun, nigga
Be more careful how you pick and choose your words, boy
Cause I'll have you playin' scrabble with your tongue, nigga
Ooh – I'm Mick Jagger as a young nigga
Woo – Pourin' Pink Panther in the punch, nigga
Think faster than these dumb niggas
We serial killers – You can get your Captain Crunch, nigga
Hey! It's Lil Wayne, nigga
I been the shit since Lil Zane, nigga
Tell the cops I ain't no name giver
Icicles on my fingers from cocaine blizzards
Ayyy – It's Lil Wayne, nigga
I'm in the building, 'bout to hang pictures
Woo – I'm the ruler, it's a game of inches
Tryna make a mill
And make a meal
In the same kitchen
Hey

[Pre-Hook: Lil Wayne]
Please have my money on time
Please have my money on time, boy
Cause all of my niggas ex-cons
And we'll go right back like that's fine, boy
Please have my money on time
Please have my money on time, look
It's 22.5 for the B
11.5 for the Solange, yeah
Please back it up one more time, girl
You act shady and I'mma put this dick
Where the sun don't shine, girl

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
Girl – I got that white girl, girl
Girl – I got that white, girl
I got that white
That blonde hair, blue eyes
I'm sellin', I'm sellin' her, re-up and buy
Hurry up and buy

[Verse 2: Jeezy]
Ahahh! Cocaine Mulsanne
Blowin Backwoods while I switch lanes
Four clips, two thangs
Pardon me, I'm bout to switch chains
Bag full of rocks, I'm a rockstar
By my first block I'm a block-star
I done owned everything on the road, nigga
Only thing I ain't drove is a cop car
Ahahh! Mr. All Black is back
And you know the flow hard, nigga – Cooked crack
You mean the flow hard like cooked crack?
Damn right, cause I used to cook crack
Ayy, 36 for the 28
14 for the 18
See them hitters in that black van
Gold chains and a chopper like the A-Team
Nowadays everybody got a plug nigga
You know hoes say Julio
Only birds that your flippin' nigga
Is the ones in the studio
Designated driver, nigga
Damn right, boy, them units got a chauffeur
I can't sleep without it, nigga
Damn right, got a chopper by the sofa
Look at me whippin', I'm confident, cocky
If this was a category I would be Rocky
Say you lookin' for that comeback, look no further
Shit comin' back tan, that's that coco butter
Them 10s, them 20s, them 50s, them 100s
Lost a bag on the road, I was sick to my stomach
That Britney, that Iggy Azalea, I tell ya
Intercepted the package, so I'll never mail ya
I'm gone

[Pre-Hook: Lil Wayne]
Please have my money on time
Please have my money on time, boy
Cause all of my niggas ex-cons
And we'll go right back like that's fine, boy
Please have my money on time
Please have my money on time, look
It's 22.5 for the B
11.5 for the Solange, yeah
Please back it up one more time, girl
You act shady and I'mma put this dick
Where the Sun don't shine, girl

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
Girl – I got that white girl, girl
Girl – I got that white, girl
I got that white
That blonde hair, blue eyes
I'm sellin', I'm sellin' her, re-up and buy
Hurry up and buy

***

TRACK: Pick Up Your Heart

[Intro]
She on her back screaming she love me, yeah
And I'm in her pussy thinking about money, mm
I done forgot what all my old hoes look like
But they see me with my new bitch, make 'em miss the good life
I moved to Cali, had to leave the beach alone
And you could call me what you want
Just don't call me on speaker phone
And the good die young
And the great live forever
Go see your memory bank teller
Cause you done forgot who put this shit together
Wait, bitch

[Verse 1]
I hop in my Phantom and drive til my phone start roamin, yeah
Lord, I don't wan' talk to nobody, I want my moment, yeah
Please pardon my restroom, but Tunechi got the longest shit list, uhh
My pockets are pregnant, they up early with morning sickness
I swear, ooh, I been through so much
But that's life, I get high, it don't phase me, no
They ask, how do you sleep at night?
I reply, like a baby, bitch
I been out here doing me by myself, nigga, no special features
It's all about the Benjamins, no disrespect to Aretha

[Hook]
But I got to get that paper baby, that paper baby
That paper baby, that paper baby
Cause this game fuck everybody, this game fuck everybody
Got to get that paper baby, that paper baby, that paper baby
Cause these streets fuck everybody, these streets fuck everybody
Gotta get my paper baby, my paper baby, my paper baby
Yeah, cause these hoes fuck anybody, these hoes fuck anybody
Got to get my paper baby, my paper baby, my paper baby
Yeah, cause these hoes fuck anybody, these hoes fuck anybody
And I don't want to do it no more, no
Hold up bae, I don't want to do it no more, no
Hold up wait, I don't want to do it no more, no
Hold up bae, I don't want to do it no more, no
But I got to get my paper babe

[Verse 3]
Perfect attendance on the block, I'm boomin', yeah
When it's cold, when it's rainy, when it's muggy
When it's hot, when it's humid, oh
I walk into the corner store feeling like a king
World on my back, shit feel like a mink
Mad at some motherfucker dropped my pill down the sink
Hold up, wait
I got Xanax, I got Percocet, yeah
She give me pussy and her income tax, yeah
I send my goons to rob the dope man, lawd
They bring it back, now I'm the dope man
Suitcase, dead body in the suitcase, yeah
Molly in the Kool-aid, we put molly in the Kool-aid, yea
I'm still watching bootlegs, cause I can't go to the movies
Cause I'm bigger than the actors in the movies
Me and your bitch made a movie, yeah
Ooh, I'm on a new wave
I been wilding in these streets momma
But still remember everything you said to me
Don't believe these hoes
They be lying through they teeth, momma
Toothache

[Hook]
Oh Lord, I got to get that paper
Cause these hoes fuck anybody, these hoes fuck anybody
And I don't want to do it no more, no
Hold up bae, I don't want to do it no more, no
Hold up wait, I don't want to do it no more, no
Hold up bae, I don't want to do it no more, no

[Verse 4]
Wait, bitch –
I hop in the Bentley and drive 'til my phone start roamin'
Lord, I don't want to talk to nobody, I want my moment, yeah
I used to be fun-loving
Now I'm a gun-loving killer
But these niggas made me like this
Now they all afraid of they own invention
I walk with a limp
'Cause this AR will not allow me to walk straight
I've come to a stage in my life
And I just can't let my life boo me off stage, no
Tuxedo on and a cumberbund
Fingers crossed behind my back
On the corner watching my money come

[Hook]
Cause I got to get that paper baby, that paper baby
That paper baby, that paper baby
Cause these streets fuck everybody, this game fuck everybody
Got to get my paper baby, my paper baby, my paper baby
Cause these hoes fuck anybody, these hoes fuck everybody
And I don't want to do it no more, no
Hold up bae, I don't want to do it no more, no
Hold up wait, I don't want to do it no more, no
Hold up baby, I don't want to do it no more

[Outro]
I wear black 'cause I can't find nothing else to wear
I wear dreadlocks 'cause I can't do nothing else to my hair
I kiss you 'cause it just happen
I do what I do 'cause it got to be done
But I guess I ought to start taking credit for something, right
(Mula)
Yesterday I met a woman on the stairs that wasn't there
She wasn't there again today
I really hope she go away
(These hoes fuck anybody, these hoes fuck anybody
And I don't want to do it no more)
Cause you know, sometimes "at last" doesn't happen at first
I'm the pimp and the problem
She said "You don't think of me when I know you think too much"
(I don't want to do it no more
These hoes fuck anybody, these hoes fuck everybody
And I don't want to do it no more)
She said "I think you think I think you think of us"
(I'mma get this paper baby, I'mma get this paper baby)
She said she wanted sprinkles, I said sprinkles are for winners
Free Weezy
Mula

***

TRACK: Street Chains

[Verse 1]
Straight from the East side
Blood gang, we heavy
Fuck nigga, dare me
I turn into Freddy
My fingers machetes
Trap house jumpin' like Monta Ellis
We trap out the 'telly when we outta town
Uzi on deck
Phone ringin' off the hook
Bitch that's the plug
Ocean view bedroom baby
See through showers
And I just put some fish in my tub
Hold up, I ain't playin'
Niggas say they rich, I say "And?"
Same old song, I ain't dance
Heater on my waist, hotter than a frying pan
If you don't see what I'm sayin'
I give your ass a fuckin' eye exam
I ain't playin'
Guns in my hands, I ain't prayin'
Fireman
Spittin' venom, Spiderman
I'm enhanced
I’m at peace, joggin' pants
Cost at least about a grand
I'm advanced like Japan
Got more sand than Sudan
Lord

[Bridge]
And life ain't nothin' but a long day
And tomorrow ain't nothin' but a long way away
You know that haters come in all sizes, all shapes, 'kay
That's why I had to get a little more trunk space
Got insurance on the trap house, Allstate
Got the trap house pumpin' like a heart rate
Got the trap house pumpin' like a 808
Boom, like a 808

[Verse 2]
I could fly around that bitch, need a tarmac
I just landed in Cuba, need a straw hat
I gotta get the raw back, I need a format
I put the shit on horseback and start my own ranch
From where they don't talk smack, they just snort smack
I'll turn your head to an open hot sauce pack
I tell the bitch some true lies and some false facts
Boy, I'm drownin' in the syrup like a short stack
Ooh, 187, 211
Hockey mask on, Wayne Gretzky
Stunt my ass off, chain heavy
Your bitch get passed on, chain letter
Train smoker
Smoke plain, never
Had a date with the Devil
Then I changed schedules
I'm a trained killer
Like a paid killer
Better yet, Saddam Hussein nephew
Nigga, no love
That's from the bottom of my heart
I pull up and paint your whole fucking block red
Then get out of my car
And admire my art
Then smile at my thoughts
My bitch from Atlanta got eyes like a hawk
She see why I'm a boss
I just got another speeding ticket on the Bugatti
While it was parked
Now I don't wan' talk, bitch I don't wan' talk
Lean in my punch, I decided to spar
Anybody want war?
I'm excited to start
Get indicted tomorrow
I be out by the morn
Before I even yawn
Stay in ya lane, I remind these lil boys
This is victory lane, now do I need a horn?
The struggle is real, and the Bible too long
I'm writing my will, and I'm typing my won'ts
Lord, please
Kilos, OZs
'Cause my bitch high class
She like Pinot and cheese
I dropped out of class
So I'm zero degrees
I can out-think a shrink
She can deep throat a tree
I can hijack a Brinks
So my sweet soda pink
I'm a freak show to freaks
I'm spitting these bars
Hope my bar tab is cheap
I'm a hard man to reach
I'm newborn and deceased
I'm too hard for this beat
I'm the heart and the beat
The Chong and the Cheech
My blunt long as a speech
Roach look like a leech
I'm too long for the brief
I'm too wrong for the priest
With this chrome on your teeth
That get blown out your cheek
Like my bitch mixed, like Long Island Tea
She don't hide her figure, she don't hide her feet
I'm the head nigga, like Prodigy
And bitch I'mma shine, like Connery
Yeah

[Outro]
And life ain't nothin' but a long day
Tomorrow ain't nothin' but a long way, away

&&&

SECTION: EPS

---

WORK: The Leak

***

TRACK: I'm Me

[Intro]
The hottest under the sun (who dat?)
Ain't nobody fuckin' with me, man
And you already know that, pimpin'
Cash Money Records, where dreams come true
Fuck up my dream, somebody gon' die tonight
And you already know that, pimpin'
Aye, it's Cash Money Records, man, a lawless gang

[Verse 1]
Un-fucking-believable! Lil Wayne's the president
Fuck 'em, fuck 'em, fuck 'em, even if they celibate
I know the game is crazy, it's more crazy than it's ever been
I'm married to that crazy bitch; call me Kevin Federline
It's obvious that he'll be Cash Money 'til the death of him
The ground shall break when they bury him—bury him?
I know one day they got to bury him
Better lock my casket tight, baby, so I don't let the Devil in
People, it's just me and my guitar
Yeah, bitch, I'm heavy metallin'
You can get the fuckin' Led Zeppelin
Niggas is bitches, bitches, I think they full of estrogen
And we hold court and take your life for a settlement
Yes, I am the best—and no, I ain't positive, I'm definite
I know the game like I'm reffin' it
This is Tha Carter, Tha Carter 3, the New Testament
And I'm the God, and this is what I bless 'em with

[Hook]
Bitch, I'm me, I'm me, I'm me, I'm me
Baby, I'm me, so who you?
You're not me, you're not me
And I know that ain't fair, but I don't care
I'm a motherfuckin' Cash Money Millionaire
I know that ain't fair, but I don't care
I'm a motherfuckin' Cash Money Millionaire
Yeah, Junior

[Verse 2]
It's Cash Money over everythang
It's in my blood, I feel it runnin' in every vein
I'm from the mud, I am a missile like a Scud
What's really good, I'm 'bout that ruckus like Fudd
And I stayed on my flo' at Cash Money, like a rug
Tied to the fuckin' Birdman like a lug
And dear Mr. Ronald Williams
To you I shall forever give thanks like a pilgrim
Cash Money million-heir to the throne
Goin' at their heads, like hair in a comb
Sittin' by the window, I just stare at the storm
Know I'll make it through it like hair in a comb
Young Money over bitches, my niggas trust my senses
And I will take a dasher as the Lord is my witness
And you all have witnessed, but I am not finished
So keep your mouth closed and let your eyes listen

[Hook]
Bitch, I'm me, I'm me, I'm me, I'm me
Baby, I'm me, so who you?
You're not me, you're not me
And I know that ain't fair, but I don't care
I'm a motherfuckin' Cash Money Millionaire
I know that ain't fair, but I don't care
I'm a motherfuckin' Cash Money Millionaire

[Verse 3]
Last year they had the Grammy's and left me in Miami
Sleepin' on a nigga like I'm rappin' in my jammies
I'm rappin' when you sleep
I was rappin' when you were in jammies
Mel Gibson flow, Lethal Weapon, book 'em, Danny
I'm a monster, I tell you, Monster Wayne
I have just swallowed the key to the House of Pain
Now I'm stuck here to deal with the house's pain
Fuck with me, I will peel like the house's paint—let's go!
Niggas don't wanna see me ‘cause I'm better in bold
The only time I will depend is when I'm 70 years old
That's when I can't hold my shit within, so I shit on myself
‘Cause I'm so sick and tired of shittin' on everybody else
I try to tell you like I'm sayin' somethin'
I'm from the Dirty like the bottom of my pants cuff
And now nothin' gonna stop me, so just envy it
Hey, I'll accept a friendly quit, ha ha

[Hook]
Bitch, I'm me, I'm me, I'm me, I'm me
Baby, I'm me, so who you?
You're not me, you're not me
And I know that ain't fair, but I don't care
I'm a motherfuckin' Cash Money Millionaire
I know that ain't fair, but I don't care
I'm a motherfuckin' Cash Money Millionaire, bitch!

[Outro]
The hottest under the sun (who dat?)
Ain't nobody fuckin' with me, man
And you already know that, pimpin'
Cash Money Records, where dreams come true
(Who dat?) Somebody gon die tonight
And you already know that, pimpin'
Aye, it's Cash Money Records, man, a lawless gang

***

TRACK: Gossip

[Intro]
I hate gossip
And I don't walk around looking for it, you know?
But, yesterday it seemed to just
Wander around 'til it found me
You know like, the gossip found me
Then why don't try provin' it?
How? You don't know how to prove it?
Well, what you just do is, stop
(Streetrunner)

[Verse 1]
Stop! Hatin' on a nigga
That is a weak emotion, the lady of a nigga
And you can get tipped like you're waitin' on a nigga
Put a body bag and an apron on a nigga
I give my all behind the mic
But you can never see if you sit behind the light
And you don't have to pick me to win the title fight
But I'mma wear that championship belt so tight
And if I'm wrong, there is no right
And if I'm wrong, there is Snow White
I'm tryna be polite
But you bitches in my hair like the fuckin' po-lice
And my flow is rare, these other rappers nice
These other rappers bark, some of 'em even bite
But I'm much more bright, I give the game sight
So before you dim the light, you just might, might wanna

[Refrain]
Think it over
Ooooh, think it over
Think it over, baby baby (Get 'em)

[Verse 2]
Stop! Analyzing, criticizing
You should realize what I am and start epitomizing
Legitimate, I got the heart of the biggest lion
I'm confident, like fuck 'em all, pull out my dick and ride it
My flow sick, so sick, it's like my shit is dying
It rains a lot in my city because my city's crying
Because my city's dying
Still I emerge from all of that, I am a living pion–eer, near Zion
Fear God, not them, steer my robin coupe
Through the streets of the Boot, and soo-woo!
And then I leak blood in the booth, I leave a bloodbath
Sorry, there's a tub in the booth, now where the drugs at?
I'm twisted like the strings on a shoe, no, nigga, fuck that
I'm twisted like the strings on a boot, now where New Orleans at?
I feel hip-hop stole me like a bus pass
So in your possession, I-I-I must ask

[Refrain]
Hey, haven't I been good to you?
(Think it over) Tell me, haven't I been sweet to you?

[Verse 3]
Drag my name through the mud, I come out clean
Cast away stones, I won't even blink
A gun is not a math problem, I won't even think
Just leave you dead like the mink under my sink
Don't believe in me, don't believe me
I graduated from hungry and made it to greedy
My flow is like pasta, take it and eat it
But I'm gon' need cheese if I'm baking a ziti
You niggas want beef, I want a steak, and, uh, we be
Lost in Amsterdam or Jamaica where weed be
Hardbody nigga just takin' it easy
All about my paper, 'bout my paper like E-Z
Wider wrappers, why do rappers lie to fans, lie to rappers?
Lot of rappers lie like actors, cut the motherfuckin' cameras
Cut the check, nigga, fuck your props
And make it out to "Mr. Hip-Hop"

[Outro]
I'm not dead, I'm alive

***

TRACK: Kush

[Hook]
Yeah, and we smoke that kush
Yeah, that kush
Yeah, and we ball like swoosh
Yeah, like swoosh
Yeah, and we smoke that kush
Yeah, that kush
Yeah, and we ball like swoosh
Yeah, like swoosh
Yeah, now how ya like me now

[Verse 1]
Got the hog on two-six
Press a button, watch the motherfucker do tricks
I don't know what you're on, but I'm on some new shit
While your bitch is on my dick like a glue stick
I got a grill, I don't have to get my tooth fixed
The tooth fairy would retire if I lose it
Straight out the clip, that's how I spit, like an Uzi
You can't find me 'cause I'm lost in the music
I'm running this, and I can jump the hurdles
I'm feeling like I'm racing a bunch of little turtles
Keep a bandana like the Ninja Turtles
I'm like a turtle when I sip the purple

[Hook]
And I smoke that kush
Yeah, that kush
And I ball like swoosh
Yeah, like swoosh
And we smoke that kush
Yeah, that kush
And we ball like swoosh
Yeah, like swoosh
So how ya like me now

[Verse 2]
Buck-sixty on the dash, I'mma do two
Captain Crunch, these niggas is Fruit Loops
That's why your girl wanna fuck me and my group too
And I'mma make her back it up like 'droop shoop'
I'm the Birdman Junior, I gotta do coupes
I hop up out that motherfucker, holler "Soowoo"
Hollygrove 17, I'm from the Zoo Crew
You would think every animal in the zoo loose
(Fuck with me) I'm on that screw juice
But I keep my shit together, not a screw loose
Yeah, word to my Gucc' boots
I'm higher than a new suit

[Hook]
'Cause we smoke that kush
Yeah, that kush
Yeah, and we ball like swoosh
Yeah, like swoosh
Yeah, and we smoke that kush
Yeah, that kush
Uh-huh, and we ball like swoosh
Yeah, like swoosh
Now how ya like me now

[Verse 3]
Buck-forty on a ring that I don't really wear
But I bet it light up the night like the city fair
The shit ain't fair
I didn't have to go there
But all this ice got me feelin' like a polar bear
I'm so aware
I'm so prepared
I'm so fly I will take off into the open air
Liftoff
Cristal
Please
Crackers with cheese
Nigga please
We on J-E-Ts
Like Curtis Martin in white and green
I'm... lightin', lightin', light the thing, light the thing
No reggie man

[Hook]
You know I smoke that kush
And I ball like swoosh
You know I smoke that kush
And I ball like swoosh
Now how you like me now?

***

TRACK: Love Me or Hate Me

[Verse 1]
Thank you
I've been through it all
The fails, the falls
I'm like Niagara
But I got right back up, like Viagra
I am agri-culture
Swagger so mean it might insult ya
Hah, I'm like an ultra-vulture
I fuck around and catapault ya
Torture
Thought ya
Parents taught ya?
You guys is chocha
I'm gone, buenos noches
Flow scorcher
And I don't even write
No author
So harder
So smarter
All about a dollar
Like four quarters
Oh Father
Will tonight be my last?
And if so
Make sure my kids see my cash
And I know
I'm solid like an elbow cast
And my future will be better than my past
Weezy!

[Hook]
You can love me or hate me
I swear it won't make me or break me
I'm going wherever the money take me
Until they funeral and wake me
And don't wake me
'Cause I'm sleeping
I'm dreaming
I know that there's a better way
'Cause I've seen it, Lord
But this faster money is so convenient
And I need it
Say I need it

[Verse 2]
C-A-R, T-E-R
I spit movies like a VCR
I spit rounds like the Tiki bar
And if I got beef I'm the meat cleav-er
And I are
The illest nigga Martin Luther King died for
And I ride for
Hollygrove, One-Seven, Eagle Street
And I'm higher than an eagle's feet
But I believe in me
Apple is the cross street
I am just an offspring
Born in the ghetto
That's why I can't let go
One call I'll have my dogs on ya like an echo
Baby, I am the real deal, no pickle
Uh, spit sickle-cell psycho
I go
Off, like a motherfucking rifle
And I'm from
The underground baby, like a pipe hole
And I will stand tall like light poles
Until the light blows

[Hook]
And you can love me or hate me
Baby, I swear it won't make me or break me
And I be going wherever the money take me
Until they funeral and wake me
And don't wake me
'Cause I'm sleeping
And I'm dreaming
See I'm just hustling
Living what I believe in, dog
And it's a problem when our homies not eating
And I'm greedy
I'm greedy

[Verse 3]
Share my blood
Feed my family
My flow will have to plead insanity
So sick I need Gray's Anatomy
Acid, like a bust open battery
I'm cool like L.A. nights
I'm tight like ballet tights
Ay, Juelz
I swear the other day I pissed Cristal
These bitches tryna kick it like Juntao
I gotta watch my head in the battle
I'm just trying to stay ahead of my shadow
And I'm floating like a boat and a paddle
Alligators and rattlesnakes
But I promise I will take a nigga off, like a Saturday
Got money to validate
I'm icy like carrot cake
Different colored diamonds make me look like a salad plate
I'm straight out the alleyway
It's the nigga ya daddy hate
Weezy F. Baby – Great

[Hook]
I know they love me then hate me
But I'm a G –
It won't make me or break me
And you can find me wherever the money place me
Yeah, until you're riding to the late me
And don't wake me
'Cause I'm sleeping
And I'm dreaming
And me and my Lord got an agreement, y'all
And so I thank him every day for my achievements
And I'm Weezy
I'm Weezy

***

TRACK: Talkin' About It

[Intro]
Yeah, OK

[Hook]
Came in the game as a young'n
Signed with Cash Money
Pocket full of money
Niggas popping shit
Always talking 'bout something
See ya ass in public
It's a whole 'nother subject
Man, they just talking 'bout it
They just talking 'bout it
And I'm on the streets with it
I'm on the streets with it
See, where I come from
You gotta be about it
And if you want it-want it
We come and see about it

[Verse 1]
OK, uh
It's Weezy baby, like the last shit
A big car and a bad bitch, uhh
I'm so fly I need my ass kicked
These niggas balling by accident, uhh
Keep talking, nigga fuck up your body
Send ya home
And tell ya mom it was an accident, uhh
I'm a G 'til the casket
Drop on my glasses, uhh
Fast money, I'm the fastest
I got that hustler's passion
Ya know?
Them boys back at the ass-end
I'm at the bank tryna cash in
OK

[Hook]
Came in the game as a young'n
Signed with Cash Money
Pocket full of money
Niggas popping shit
Always talking 'bout something
See ya ass in public
It's a whole 'nother subject
Man, they just talking 'bout it
They just talking' bout it
And I'm on the streets with it
I'm on the streets with it
See, where I come from
You gotta be about it
And if you want it-want it
We come and see about it
OK

[Verse 2]
Yeah
There's been a murder
Bitch, I make a killing
Insurance papers in the safe
Money in the ceiling
I got a pillowcase full of pistols
Come through a nigga house
And aim at the pillows
Yeah, wake up, wake up
Fuckin with them boys
You could wake up taped up
Ya dig?
Now go on, drink that lake up
Stick him in the trunk
And let him feel that bass pump
Ahah, these niggas is nuts
Man, that M-14 leave you physically fucked
Hah, these niggas is ducks
Well you could call me Scrooge
Cause I'm swimming in bucks
Bitch

[Hook]
Came in the game as a young'n
Signed with Cash Money
Pocket full of money
Niggas poppin shit
Always talking 'bout somethin'
See ya ass in public
It's a whole 'nother subject
Man, they just talking 'bout it
They just talkin bout it
And I'm on the streets with it
I'm on the streets with it
See, where I come from
You gotta be about it
And if you want it-want it
We come and see about it
OK

[Verse 3]
Too hot, too cold
I'm red hot, blue cold
I knock ya melon out ya fruit bowl
All my guns black
I got true soul
And I call my coupe a Black Panther
Blatt-llatt-llatt
That's the gat anthem
And if a nigga play with family, for that matter
I'mma smoke so many niggas
I'mma catch cancer
And if I step up out this Benzo
You know I'm coming with a gun
Like a Nintendo
They soft
Them niggas falling when the wind blow
And I'm rolling up my window
Fuck 'em!

[Hook]
Came in the game as a young'n
Signed wit Cash Money
Pocket full of money
Niggas poppin shit
Always talking bout somethin
See ya ass in public
It's a whole 'nother subject
Man, they just talkin bout it
They just talkin bout it
And I'm on the streets with it
I'm on the streets with it
See, where I come from
You gotta be about it
And if you want it-want it
We come and see about it
OK

---

WORK: In Tune We Trust

***

TRACK: Loyalty

[Intro: Gudda Gudda]
L-A-T! Gudda!

[Verse 1: Gudda Gudda]
Ok, I'm shining, beaming, glossing
Big timing, stunting and flossing
Dangerous, approach with caution
If I sneeze, you in a coffin
Chasing paper, we do that often
Two bad bitches, thick like horses
Let 'em snort cocaine at a party
Leave 'em stiff like rigor mortis
Don't try to race, this car got horses
The pint we drink, it costs a mortgage
Flow so dope, man, you can't copy
You can't bite it, you can't forge it
I got bars with more in storage
Watch me blossom, watch me flourish
If you try to touch my porridge
You will feel my chucks like Norris
All my bitches think I'm gorgeous
Get a massage while I'm recording
Single like a dollar bill
I am a free man, call me Morgan
Come and slob on my knob like corn on the cob
Check in with me and go and do your job
Now lay in the bed and then give me head
I don't have to ask, I don't have to beg
Yeah, I'm bumping Three Six Mafia
In the Phantom of the Opera
Choppers from Yugoslavia
Bake niggas like tilapia
L.A.T., Young Money mafia
Try but it ain't no stopping us
Why? We back by popular demand
Quit baller-blocking us
Lord Gudda, praise a nigga
MOB, I'm brazy, nigga
Hard at work, I'm slaving, nigga
Yeah, surf's up, I'm wavy, nigga
Percocet and Adderall, man, I could walk on water
I got a son, his name Jaylen and he want all your daughters
I'm a landmine, got this by a landslide, I'm racing, nigga
Cruise control, I'm pacing nigga, turn around, I'm waving, nigga
Gudda!

[Verse 2: HoodyBaby]
There's a Glock clocked by my pantsline
Young dreadhead, throwing gang signs (What else?)
I got bands like it's band time
Posted up at granny house, trappin' off the landline
What's all that hootin' and hollerin'? I'm who bring the dollars in
Drop the top, it was botherin', now go let your mother in
The cocaine from Colombia, the chopper is sovereign
Got a house full of bricks, you can call it remodelin'
Bitch, grow up, it's only head if you swallowin'
Baby, get to geekin', get to geekin' and gobblin'
Your friends think I'm bad, they must be looking for trouble then
It's a foam party, I be bustin' they bubbles then
Then I hop in the whip, make a play on some bricks
My homies say pull up, we just came up on a lick
I'm in the ends with the sticks, it's the revenge of the Crips
Hoe, you know it's OHB, I brought the gang in this bitch

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Hoe, you know it's LAT, we almost famous, lil bitch
On our toes and on our feet like Usher Raymond, lil bitch
And you know Lil Wayne is the shit and you straining to shit
Fat head, long neck she 'bout to strangle this dick
I got more bang bang in a stick than butane in a bic
I got my whole gang gang in this bitch and you came with a bitch
I got more purple rain than Prince and more cocaine than Mitch
I got more shit and piss and make more money than cents (sense)
She got more hips than tits, she got more tricks than tips
She put my name on her tongue and then she licks her lips
LW, Lil Wayne, to them, to her, that's length and width
Kill you for me, she will like Jada Pinkett Smith
It's the return of the Blood, 'bout to turn up and thug
We wan' know who got the chicken and show the colonel the gun
Man, my dirty-ass stripper take a bath in ones
Make her milk these fuckin' niggas like some Cap'n Crunch
Motherfuckers try to test me, I ain't cram for one
All these fuckin' karats on me, bitch, I'm Rabbit son
Happy birthday, I already got the gift of gab at one
Motherfuckers run they mouth until they cramp they tongue
Play pussy, get fucked; play ass, get stuck
Playtime is over, that ass is grass and now that grass get cut
Duct tape and we quackin' up then beat 'em with more bats
Than a vampires and Draculas, ashes to ashes to dust
Buried just for staring, yellow tape like canaries
We all bite and no talk, my sharks breaking your aquarium
Out of the ordinaries and went to the art of hustling
When you see them thieves coming
Know that loyalty's amongst them
L.A.T.!

***

TRACK: Magnolia (Freestyle)

[Intro]
Yo Pi'erre, you wanna come out here?

[Verse 1]
Uh, in New York like Biggie, ROC, plants on my sock
She runnin' from the cock and when I shoot I *blatttt!*
Yeah, tell that thot her number blocked
Yeah, Stunna number blocked
This New Orleans milly rock, let 'em milly rock
Me and woe don't really rock, evidently not, brrrr
Yeah, tell 'em it's the ROC
In New York, let Jigga rock, I'm higher than my socks
I'm twisted like my locks, big up to the Lox
I did a show with Ja
Yo Pierre, you wanna come out here?
Did a show with Ja, soon as I left the spot
Pulled over by the cops, them bitches found my Glock
They threw me in the box, eight months tops
Starin' at the clock, commissary stopped
Man when Carter 5 drop, a nigga jaw gon' drop
The bitches' drawers gon' drop and then the calls gon' drop
Hello? I ball too hard, they flop, woah
And all of these bitches got ass, how did they get it so fast?
They ain't have that in the past, I still smash
In L.A. they gettin' shots, bitch I know the docs
M.I.A, we on a yacht, your bitch know where we dock

[Chorus]
Hollup, I ain't from the 'Nolia, but Tunechi still a soldier
And rest in peace to Soulja, 'cause he was real Magnolia, yeah

[Verse 2]
And I, fuck, these, hoes
If, I, don't, doze
Off, on, that drank
If I, do, bitch you to blame, coochie lame
Weed, stank, it better be the only thing
Big bank, take lil' bank, you know the game
All these bitches want Young Carter, Young Carter
The fireman and firestarter, need water
Woo, all of your bitches, they poo
All of my bitches, they're new
They got more bitches than you, all of these hoes in cahoots
But my bitch keep me in the loop
She blow me like hot Campbell's soup
My woadies come out like a troop, innocent bystander, oops
Enjoying my financial fruits, I'm in a pineapple coupe
Passin' you up like juke, turnin' heads like a screw
Give that ho a tip, enough to buy a whip
Give that ho some sip, she fall asleep, I dip
I'm rich, bitch, Money, Mitch
What's in that, bag?, 14, bricks
You got 14 bricks in that bag?
Used to, used to drive a Masi'
Used to be locked up, with the dude that stalked Ashanti
Used to be in Hollygrove with goons that caught them bodies
Tunechi got so many hoes, they call me John Thotty
Tell your bitch I'm Mr. Biggs, my nigga, Ron Isley
I'm kamikaze-in' you niggas, Ronda Rousey
It's New Orleans, Milly Rock, Trukfit to the socks
OVO Jordans, the ones that haven't dropped, uh
Waitin' for Carter 5 to drop, uh
It's the, it's the Roc, uh
Tell them bitches it's the Roc, yeah, yeah
I'm throwin' up the Roc, yeah

[Chorus]
I ain't from Magnolia, but Tunechi still a soldier
And rest in peace to Soulja, 'cause he was real Magnolia, yeah

***

TRACK: Fireworks

[Intro: Young Jeezy & Lil Wayne]
(Ear Drummers!)
Yeah, yeah
Mike WiLL fuck with me
Yeah, uh

[Verse 1: Jeezy]
Yeah the flow is ice cold, but I'm a hot boy
You out here fuckin' anything then you's a thot, boy (damn)
What you call a dozen bricks? A bouquet, nigga (woo)
Only trust them two letters, AK, nigga (boom)
Yola whippin', I'm the chef, gourmet, nigga (Young)
That Rollie lookin' like it's doin' ballet, nigga (dance)
House six stories, nigga, that's a true story (story)
Rafaela Cuban linkin', call me 2:40
Yeah I swear these thirsty bitches need to drink some water (water)
I'm just tryna put a hundred mil' up for my daughter (daughter)
Straight player, yeah I think I got that from my father (uh)
Coupe don't cost a half a mil', dawg don't even bother
Catch-catch me with the gang, gang, I'm gang affiliated (hey)
If I want it, go get it, never hesitated (never hesitated, uh)
I can stretch that 28 a long way, nigga (yeah)
I can count these blue hundreds all day, nigga

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
Big house, long hallways
Got ten bathrooms, I could shit all day, nigga (all day, yeah)
I'm the shit all day, nigga (all day, nigga)
Yeah, poppin' shit all day, nigga
Fireworks, big house, long hallways
Got ten bathrooms, I could shit all day, nigga (all day, yeah)
Whip the shit all day, nigga (all day, nigga)
Yeah, whip the shit all day, nigga

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Whip it like a big booty bitch
Like a cup of coffee with a spoon in it
There's a pot of gold, no food in it
Culinary arts, let the students in
I'm the teacher, baby, Chef Tunechi in
And I whip it hard if it come easy
Whip it up like I'm Young Jeezy
Free pussy and Free Meechie
Big smoke got me deep breathin'
Deep dick got her sweet dreamin'
You ain't shit, you just pre-season
You ain't lit, you just pre-heated
Can't quit, I'ma keep leanin'
Smoke gas, I'ma keep premium
Green, green, and the money senior
Dope man with a hundred needles
No ass ever come between us
Dirty cash, not a money cleaner
Use the black card to split the coke
Jungle fever, cheatin' on the Visa
Speakin' of jungle, bitch work at Cheetahs
Had stripes since my first Adidas
Bought pints now I purchase liters
Shark bite, I'm a person eater
Walk light on the dirt beneath you
I'm in the throne and you in the bleachers
All day long, even on the weekends
Get off my lawn, cuttin' on the sprinklers, yeah

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
Big house, long hallways
Got ten bathrooms, I could shit all day, nigga
Yeah, I'm the shit all day, nigga
Yeah, presidential suite or the penthouse

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Black skinny jeans, get the lint out
Damn, I left my lint roller at your bitch's house
That's his house
She sent some nude pics for me to pick out
The pussy fat and pink like a pig, I'ma pig out
Yeah I'm Blood, but I got some cool Crips that I can send out
Ain't no loose lips, take the cruise ship, ain't tryna swim out
Brrrt, brrrt, that the money counter, let it print out
Brrrt, brrrt, that's the Uzi, we call it big mouth
Huh, I lost my mind but I'm still mastermindin'
Tryna find the silver linin', found the platinum linin'
Cut his head off, cut his arms off, look like Aphrodite
Young Money all day, nigga, and mañana

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, big house, long hallways (okay)
Got ten bathrooms, I could shit all day, nigga (all day, yeah)
I'm the shit all day, nigga (all day, nigga)
Yeah, poppin' shit all day, nigga
Fireworks, big house, long hallways (yeah)
Got ten bathrooms, I could shit all day, nigga
Yeah, with your bitch all day, nigga (all day, nigga)
Yeah, give her dick all day, that's how it works

[Outro: Lil Wayne & Jeezy]
I store that cocaine on that gutta bitch
Yeah, they can't check her left and right
Ooh, my boo, yeah, no one's fuckin' with it
Uh, I got 'em bathin' like they elephants
Fireworks
Give her dick all day, yeah that's how it works
All day, nigga
Coppin' shit all day, nigga, fireworks
Mula
Mula, baby

***

TRACK: Mula Gang

[Verse 1: Jay Jones]
Man, starting five when it's game time
Talking drugs on my main line
That's a strange sign, I can't really trust you
Ain't have a clue that I was working so hard to get where I'm at
I can vision this shit, had a dream
Call me Jay Luther King
Now I woke up and I'm living this shit
Time change, people change too
Never let the people change you
Pack made it safe, we straight
Pull off in a cocaine coupe
Got two snow bunnies with me
One Becky one named Sue
Sue don't really do what Becky do
Becky sexual with the crew (gang)
2000 at HollyGrove
This the year of the Mula
I put that on Mula
Pull out the passports, fuck a city hoe
I need a bitch from Aruba
She say my dick like a ruler
She lemme fuck her medulla
Then I pass that hoe to Euro
When it come to head, that hoe better than Super
I'm gone

[Hook: Jay Jones]
Wait, I think I'm made for this shit
I got the way with this shit
Grind everyday for this shit
Every night bad hoes
Shop open no closed
Make money, stack mo
I guess this what they ask fo'
Wait, yeah
Mula Gang
Mula Gang
Yeah, yeah
Mula Gang
Mula Gang

[Verse 2: Euro]
Check
I'ma do 'em like Big Meech
This strip club's in '03
Like when MJ dropped 69 on the Cavs in OT
Keith Moore with a low fade
Fiends still in the Stone Age
Goons in the crowd strapped hope
They don't clap while I'm on stage
Side talk, I'm immune to
Been the new kid in the new school
I ain't too fond of the new school
I'm an old soul in a young man
Bump Johnny Cash when I cruise through
Two cokes still a hot boy
But I'm too cool, I'll hold a grudge 'till I beat whoever I lose to
We the ones who had good girls, by the pool snortin' up lines
I'm the reason all the bad college bitches never showed up on time
We the one who had Cristiano in Japan throwing up signs
Born to lose but I built up, always knew growing up
I think I'm made for this shit

[Hook: Jay Jones]
Wait, I think I'm made for this shit
I got the way with this shit
Grind everyday for this shit
Every night bad hoes
Shop open no closed
Make money, stack mo
I guess this what they ask fo'
Wait, yeah
Mula Gang
Mula Gang
Yeah, yeah
Mula Gang
Mula Gang

[Verse 3: HoodyBaby]
I'm Steph Curry I'm Wardell
I'm all hell, when the Warriors come out to play yall all fail
I got fish scale, I got four scales
I'm the nigga in the city pushing dope deals
Hoodybaby in the kitchen when the smoke clears
I can clear 200,000 like my throat, yeah
I make it rumble in the jungle where koalas lie
Bitches call me Hoody bear, i'm koala-fied
Oh that went over your head? I'm over qualified
Really make them guns fly, bitch I'm stuck in overdrive
Trick or treat, live or die? Let my bro decide
All this trapping in my Jesus piece like show you right

[Verse 4: Lil Wayne]
L-A-T
Moms was hard on me with grades
Had to turn them B's to A's
Now im turning words to paper
Turning birds to haters fry their wings and legs
I prefer a leg, I deserve a raise
Should be overpaid, I just toast the bread
I ain't burn the bread
Made it gold instead turning more than heads
Take a lemonhead, turn it into bread
Got the golden dreads, got me on the meds
Had a talk with Tez about me on the meds
Forgot the shit he said, I'm out here on the edge
Don't try to sell me, Reg
I'll knock ya off the ledge
I'll pop off on sketch
Spraying like pledge, bullets gon' spread
Catch 'em like Dez, all in ya ass
Handguns in the console
I'm a shark in the fishbowl
Running plays on my rich hoes
Sunny days in the North Pole
I'm a play, play my part hoe
Turn a rock to the charcoal
Heart throb but my heart cold
Short ride on a long road
Long days and them long nights
Big dogs and we all bite
Big words just all hype
Small talk, large price
Alright, not nice
Heart cold, hot ice
She sucks, she wipes, she swallows, drops mic
Stop light, stop running your mouth 'fore I run in your mouth
From a hundred dollas to a hundred accounts
Got fuckin problems, tryna figure 'em out
Niggas run in your house waiting on my count
Bitches in they house waiting on my call
Mula Gang, Mula Gang, Mula Gang
Yes Lord
I think I'm made for this shit

[Hook: Jay Jones]
Wait, I think I'm made for this shit
I got the way with this shit
Grind everyday for this shit
Every night bad hoes
Shop open no closed
Make money, stack mo
I guess this what they ask fo'
Wait, yeah
Mula Gang
Mula Gang
Yeah, yeah
Mula Gang
Gang, gang
Mula Gang
